The scene at   IDEAL School & Academy’s  10th Annual Gala.
 Les Lieberman, Barri Lieberman, Isabel Kallman, Trish Iervolino, and Ron Iervolino 
 Chuck Grodin 
 Diana Rosario, Ali Sussman, Sarah Boll, Jen Zaleski, Alysse Brennan, and Lindsay Macbeth 
 Kelly  and Tom Murro 
 Ron Iervolino, Trish Iervolino, Russ Middleton, and Lisa Middleton 
 Barbara Loughlin, Dr. Gerald Loughlin, and Debbie Gelston 
 Heather Robinson, Kiwan Nichols, Jimmy Nichols, Melanie Carbone, and Nancy Brown 
 Bill Mack and Les Lieberman 
 Jimmy Cayne, Vince Tese, and Pat Cayne 
 Stuart Oran, Les Lieberman, and Hilary Oran 
 Vince Tese and Chuck Grodin 
 Dr. Amy Cunningham-Bussel, Ray Mirra, and Dr. Tyler Janovitz 
 Dan Shedrick and Samara Heafitz 
 Bart Scott and Mark Laplander 
 Mitch Rubin, Audra Zuckerman, Michelle Smith, Kenneth Mehlman, Julia Harquail, and John Hackett 
 Audra Zuckerman, Michelle Smith, and Julia Harquail 
 Angela Bergeson 
 Henry Kravis, Kenneth Mehlman, and Mitch Rubin 
 Anne Jameson and Jay Eisenhofer 
 Carter Bays and Craig Thomas 
 Melissa Errico, Todd Hollander, and Natalia Bulgari 
 Daniel Murphy, Deann Murphy, Jessica Farrell, and Ken Farrell 
 Jonny Podell 
 Jena Silverman, John Silverman, Tess Silverman, and Dara Silverman 
 Fred Feiner, Ricki Feiner, Sandie Greene, and Bob Greene 
 Kelly Mulderry, Ted Murphy, and Marci Murphy 
 Mark Bessler, Andrea Ziegelman, and Alex Figueroa 
 Dana Taylor, Baird Ryan, and Alexia Hamm Ryan 
 William Candelaria, Mark Brendel, Yaz Hernandez, Dennis Basso, and Giulia Caltagirone 
 Guy Robinson, Elizabeth Stribling, and Fernanda Kellogg 
 Melissa Errico 
 Outside the tent 
 Under the tent
 Jenny Price, Sharon Jacob, Stephanie Shuman, Gillian Miniter, and Deborah Roberts 
 Cynthia Conway, Tom Kempner, Luann Blowers, and David Blowers 
 Michael  and Jenny Price 
 Patsy and Jeff Tarr 
 Fred and Stephanie Shuman 
 Iffie Okoronkwo Aitkenhead, Agenia Clark, Deborah Roberts, and Fiona Rudin 
 Michael  and Lise Evans 
 Jill Ross, Sharon Teles, and Eby McKay 
 Kathryn Chenault and Carol Sutton Lewis 
 Nancy and Dan Paduano 
 Judy Angelo and Doug Blonsky 
 James Scott, Barbara Scott, Julie Miller, and Kamie Lightburn 
 Bill and Anne Harrison 
 Gillian Miniter and William Zeckendorf 
 Michelle Smith and Tom Gold 
 Patti Harris, Tom Kempner, and Veronica White 
Jon Batiste and Marcus Miller at The NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund's  28th annual National Equal Justice Award Dinner.
Sherrilyn Ifill and Geoffrey Canada
Sherrilyn Ifill and Debra Lee
Deborah Roberts, Bernard Tyson, and Gerald Adolph
Yvonne and Geoffrey Canada
Philip Wells, Tonya Lewis Lee, Ted Wells, and Byron Pitts
Angela Vallot and Deborah Roberts
Debra Lee with Denise and Bernard Tyson
Debra Lee and Jon Batiste
Amsale Aberra, Amelia Ogunleis,and friends
Nina Wells and Gay McDougall
Debby and Jack Greenberg
Jonelle Procope and Frank Ahimaz
Bruce Gordon, Tonya Lewis Lee, and Charles Atkins
John Utendahl, Debra Lee, and Debra Martin Chase
Tasha Smith and friend
Philip Wells, Henry "Hank" Aaron, and Ted Wells, Jr.
Susan Fales-Hill and Darren Walker
Cheryl Brown Henderson, Sherrilyn Ifill, and Osceola Brown
Angela Vallot and Gwen Adolph
Janet Dewart Bell, Sherrilyn Ifill, and Lisa Boykin 
Debra Martin Chase and Laurie Robinson Haden
Sherrilyn Ifill, Dwight Johnson, Jon Batiste, and Marcus Miller
 Madelaine Cohen, Kimberly Tighe, Lisa Ling, Barbara Cohen, and Melissa Pordy 
 Yousaf Ali, Dr. Douglas Dieterich, Barbara Murphy, and Alice Levine 
 Adrianne Silver, Sondra Mack, and Susan Mark 
 Dr. Alice Levine and Dr. Yousaf Ali 
 Dr. Barbara Murphy and Dr. David Reich 
 Kimberly Tighe and Madelaine Cohen 
 Jane Rittmaster, Joan Raines, Vivian Farah, and Ginny Aaron 
 Jane Whitney and Maura Duffy 
 Dr. Michael Brodman, Dr. Mary Ann McLaughlin, Kimberly Tighe, and Barbara Murphy 
 Dr. Peter Dottino and Dr. Marie-Noelle Langan 
 The Lauder table 
 Michael Schantz, Nina Muller, Peter and Andrea Klein, and Beverly Bell 
 Ron Goldstein, Margy Hargrave, and Diane and Dan Barry 
 Sarah Bay Williams, Paul Gachot, Richard Gachot, the Honorable Dana Winslow, Emily Franchina, and Franklin Hill Perrell 
 Lisa and Gilbert Ott, Carol and Jim Large, and Meredith and Frank Olt 
 Thomas and Devon Carroll, Kim Testa, and Kingsley Woolworth 
 Franklin Hill Perrell, Christine and John Gachot, and Sarane Ross 
 Denyse Duval Pugsley, Sealy Hopkinson, and Jonathan Wehle 
 Charles Holcomb and Patricia Sands 
 Ed and Pat Travaglianti with Carol and Ed Clarke 
 Paul Gachot, Sarah Bay Williams, and James Tiberg 
 Thomas and Diahn McGrath with Robert and Jon Cooper 
 Bart Tiernan, Dr. James Watson, and Nini Tiernan 
 Richard Weir, Rita Roselle, Cynthia Jay, Julie Rinaldini, Stephen Jay, and Luis Rinaldini 
 John and Bonnie Williamson, Rusty and Peggy McCormack, and Diane and Dan Barry 
 Doug and Chris Fox with Paul Vermylen 
 Dr. and Mrs. Mykola Alyskewycz 
 Brendan and Kathleen FitzGerald 
 Jim and Eileen Cahill with MaryAnn and Peter Hurd 
 Caroline Gerry and Stephen Jay 
 Michael Plackis, Teresa Martin, and Robert Cooper 
 Peri and Martin Wenz with Margie Burkett 
 Bob and Debbie Hussey with Jonathan Wehle 
 Clint Finlayson, Lynda and Jacques Busquet, and Peter White 
 Ted Bahr, Mr. and Mrs. Bob Mackay, Jonathan Wehle, Frank Olt, and Jackie Olt 
 Chris Nottonson, Lawrence Smith, and Ann Marie Mirabile 
 David Hidalgo, UALC board member, Mary Ann Tighe, UALC board president, Aaron Tighe, UALC board member, Anne-Marie Olson Kahn, and Todd Kahn 
 Laurie Golub and Suri Kasirer 
 Rebecca and Ben Malinsky, Carolyn Malinsky, event co-chair, and Aaron Malinsky 
 David Greenbaum, Mary Ann Tighe, UALC board president, and Glen Weiss 
 JD Chalmé, Hy Chalmé, Robin Chalmé, Ray Chalmé, UALC board member, and Vanessa Chalmé 
 James Regan, Cyrus Izzo and Tom Scarangello, UALC board member 
 Tim Dempsey, Jon Mechanic, Tommy Craig, and Robert Knakal 
 Roxanne Donovan, UALC board member, and Ted Moudis 
 Suzi Hill, Karen Asprea, Stephanie Schroeder, and L. Stephen Hill 
 Sharif El-Gamal, Soho Properties, Sammy El-Gamal, Aziz Friedrich, Andee Radu, and Daniel Parker 
 Mitti Liebersohn and Melissa Greenwald 
 Milo Riverso and Tony Schirripa 
Fujiko Nakaya's "Veil" envelops the  Glass House.
 Harpist Mary Lattimore
 Charles Renfro, Tony Vidler, James Welling, and Daniel Gortler
 Margaret Russell, Henry Urbach, and Margareth Henriquez
 Carlos Souza and Charlene de Ganay
 Bonnie Morrison and Douglas Friedman
 Procession over the eyebrow bridge on way to Painting Gallery
 Martha Stewart and Charles Renfro
 Margaret Russell, Martha Stewart, Susan Magrino Dunning, Margareth Henriquez, Reed Krakoff, Emma O’Neill, John Yunis, and John Calcagno
 Lee Mindel, Margaret Russell, Tomas Maier, Martha Stewart, Susan Magrino Dunning
 Bill Katz, Bonnie Morrison, Douglas Friedman, Henry Urbach, Laurie Beckelman, James Sanders, Tony Vidler, and Charles Renfro
 Monica Rich Kosann and Reed Krakoff
 Hendel Teicher
 Henry Urbach and Charles Renfro
 Lori Tritsch and William Lauder
 Margaret Russell in the Sculpture Gallery
 Martha Stewart, Laura Pla, Tomas Maier, and Andrew Preston
 Margaret Russell, Carlos Souza, and Charlene de Ganay
 Hermes Honoree Guillaume de Seuynes, Elizabeth Stribling, and Astrid Stanfield Pinel
 Co-chairs Jean Shafiroff,   CeCe Black, Ursula Lowerre, Ann Van Ness,    Kazie Harvey, and  Deborah Royce
 Guy Robinson, Fernanda Kellogg, and Kirk Henckels
 Bruce Horten and Barbara de Portago
 Baroness Laurie Bodor and William Ivey Long
 Cole Rumbough and Bettina Bennett
 Irene Aitken and Konrad Keesee
 Margaret Chase Hager and Chiu-Ti Jansen
 Odile de Schiétère-Longchampt, CeCe Black, and Timothy Corrigan
 Alex Donner, Jean Shafiroff, and Geoffrey Bradfield
 Peter and Barbara Regna with R. Couri Hay
 Roy Keane and Ann Rapp
 Baroness Caroline Brownstone and Charles Revson
 Margaret Russell
Dr. Dennis Trafny, Kathleen Mahaffey, and Scooby
CEO Kate Coyne, Robert Liberman, and Libby Monaco
Cass and Jason Adelman
Kristin Fisher Allen, Virginia Wettlaufer, Lily Maddock, and Travis Acquavella
Dr. Dennis Trafny and Dr. Robert Hart
Grammy‐Award winning artist and Children's Right honoree Shaffer "Ne‐Yo" Smith with former foster youth Crystal Bentley and Edgar Carranza
Chairman
            of
            Children's
            Rights
            Board
            of
            Directors 
            Alan
            Myers, Dan
            Galpern, 
            Alice
            Rosenwal, 
            Michael
            Borofsky, and Jay
            Galluzzo
CNN News Anchor and host of the benefit, Michaela Pereira
 Katie Ford and Children's Rights Honoree, Molly Gochman
Children's Rights Honoree, Jared Bobrow and Children's Rights Interim Executive Director, Sandy Santana 
 Joseph Belluck and Anne Strickland Squadron
Christine Schott Ledes, George Ledes, and Jackie Norden
Mark Kostabi
Richard Ledes, Jean Shafiroff, and Paola Mieli
Kipton Cronkite
Brian Maher, Ann Jensen, and Eric Jensen
Nicole DiCocco and Alex Donner
The Society of Memorial Sloan Kettering’s Associates Committee's  annual Fall Party at the Four Seasons Restaurant. 
Cocktails
Dancing
 Travis Acquavella, Carolina de Neufville, Eleanor Ylvisaker, Martha Glass, Monique Lhuillier, and Shabnam Henry
 Dani Stahl, Eleanor Ylvisaker, Shoshanna Gruss, and Patricia Lansing
 Karla Martinez de Salas
 Alex Acquavella and Mollie Ruprecht
 Monique Lhuillier and Gretchen Gunlocke Fenton
 Wes Gordon and Paul Arnhold
 Marcie Pantzer
 Jenny Galluzzo and Charlotte Ronson
 Joanna Baker de Neufville
 Sarah Lanni and Mollie Ruprecht
 Monique Lhuillier, Jessica Sailer van Lith, and Tom Bugbee
 Monique Lhuiller and Bronson Van Wyck
 Jose Luis Los Arcos  and Caroline Los Arcos
 Nick Acquavella and Dixon Boardman
 Sylvana Durrett
 Martha Glass, Lisa Errico, and Carolina de Neufville
 Jamie Niven and Lela Rose
 Alexandra Lind Rose, Jackie Astier, and Emilia Fanjul Pfeifler
Zita Davisson, Nancy Gehman, Lyn McMillan, Jean Astrop,and Eugénie Anglès
Elaine Leary, Baroness Didi d'Anglejan, Princess Kenizé Mourad, Eugénie Anglès, and Francis Dubois
Carla Darlington and Zita Davisson
Sandrine  and Rod Kukurudz, Florian Boggia of Jeepers Champagne, and friend
Nancy Gehman, Irene Goodkind, and Jerry Gehman
Elaine Uzan Leary, Sandrine and Rod Kukurudz, and Mathilde Schneider
Sonja Morgan and Jay Paul
Eugénie Anglès, Charlie Scheips, and Didi d'Anglejan
Curator Mathilde Schneider, Miles Morgan, Kaleeta Doolin, and Alan Govenar
Charlie poses with his book
Irene Goodkind, Lyn McMillan, Didi d'Anglejan, and Carla Darlington
Andrea Stillman, Sonja Morgan, Eugénie Anglès, and Kate Wickham
Charlie signing his book
Ambassador François Delattre  and AFB president Eugénie Anglès
Sarah and Chips Page
Victoria Vicunia, Miles Morgan, and Sonja Morgan
Princess Kenizé Mourad and Baroness Didi d'Anglejan
French consul General Bertrand Lortholary, Jeri and George Sape, Sophie and Ambassador François Delattre, and Dorothy and Ambassador Craig Stapleton
Jean Shafiroff, Sonja Morgan, and Nancy Gehman
The scene at Michael's 25th anniversary celebration.
 Danny DiVella, Steve Millington, Kyung Up Lim, Robyn Levy-Wolf, Mario Moise, and Michael McCarty 
 Blythe Danner, Dr. Ruth Westheimer, and Laurie Tisch 
 Sean Kelly, Cecile Panzieri, and Lauren Kelly 
 Paul Karian and Simone Karian 
 Susan Silver and Joel Wachs 
 Rikki Klieman and Steve Millington 
 Liz Byrne and Gerry Byrne 
 Joel Schnell and Lynn White 
 L.A. Perkel, Jonathan Perkel, and Dagny Corcoran 
 Scott Merkin and Susan Blond 
 Les Moonves and Matt Blank 
 Hilary Gumbel and Bryant Gumbel 
 Debbie Bancroft and Daniel Benedict 
 Kath Hinton and Les Hinton 
 Joanna Coles and Peter Godwin 
 John Jacobson and Betsy Perry 
 Annik Wolf and Michael Wolf 
 Michelle Coppedge and Jamie MacGuire 
 Jay McInerney and Anne Hearst McInerney 
 Cece Cord 
 Alexander Julian and Megan Julian 
 Vicky Ward 
 Mort Hamburg 
 Neal Fox and Martha Kramer 
 Robin Wolf and Jamie Levy 
 Florence Fabricant, Richard Fabricant, Jerry Della Femina, and Judy Licht 
 Roberta Allen, Lisa Birnbach, and Denise LeFrak Calicchio 
 Al Roker 
 Wendy Stark, Geroge Farias, and Amy Fine Collins 
 Larry Spangler 
 Geraldine Fabrikant 
 Robin Wolf, Philippe Solomon, and Paula Solomon 
 Ben Slepian, Thom Filicia, Margo Slepian, and Greg Calejo 
 John Koblin and Katie Rosman 
 Michelle Fizer-Peterson, Charles Grodin, and Julio Peterson 
 Patrick Murphy and Mary Murphy 
 Jonathan Wald 
 Ed Rollins and Shari Rollins 
 Jamie Niven, Mike Goldberg, Linda Fairstein, and David Patrick Columbia 
 Sharon Bush and Oscar Plotkin 
 Michael McCarty, Sara Beth Shrager, and Rodney Hilton Brown 
 George Farias and Wendy Stark 
 Missy Falchi, Carlos Falchi, and Mickey Ateyeh 
 Felicia Taylor and Reed Covone 
 Jay Kriegel, Tim Zagat, Nina Zagat, and Gordon Davis 
 Katie Lee Pollack and Stephanie Sporn 
 Diane Clehane, Anne Fulenwider, and Phoebe Eaton 
 Paul Amann and Joe Fitzsimmons 
 Euan Rellie, Michael McCarty, and R. Couri Hay 
 Richard Oldenberg 
 Carol Austell and Jim Mitchell 
 Wendy Moonan, Duncan Darrow, and Rhett Austell 
 Leslie Stevens, Nina Burleigh, Bobby Freidman, and Bob Shaye 
 Roger Smith and Bob Shaye 
 Monie Begley and Sessa von Richthofen 
 Kirsten Fleming, Mark Whitaker, Monie Begley, and Roger Moore 
 Patrick McMullan, Michael McCarty, Richard Johnson 
 Oliver Coleman and Emily Coleman 
 Rhett Austell, Michael McCarty, Carol Austell, and Steve Millington 
 Griffin Frazen, Jed Weisman, Hannah Glazebrook, and Anna Gray 
 Kristina Alexandra Kovalyuk and Gregoire Vogelsang 
 Vlady Giorgiva and Joe Rayo 
 Sally Morgan-Lehman and Jay Lehman 
 Jerry Inzerillo, Kevin Ryan, and Tom Rogers 
 Liz Lange 
 Alan Patricof 
 Jane Notar, Richie Notar, and Jennifer Gould Keil 
 Dan Abrams, Lynn Sherr, and Peggy Siegal 
 Amy Kliger, Jack Kliger, and Michael McCarty 
 James Dunning, Jr. and Michael McCarty 
 Griffin Dunne, Joanna Coles, and Peter Godwin 
 Richard Johnson, David Kuhn, Leslie Stevens, and Kevin Thompson 
 Boaty Boatwright and Lynn Nesbit 
Lifeline New York Board members
Prince Alexander, Princess Katherine, and Prince Dmitri
Cheri Kaufman, Sharon Bush, and Janna Bullock
David Hyrke and Dora Tomanovich
Della Rounick, Bill Sclight, Lucia Hwong Gordon, and friend
Audrey Gruss and Susan Gutfreund
Sirio Maccioni and Dr. Ruth Westheimer
Mush Katkol, Sharon Bush, and Brian Murphy
Kamie Lightburn, Bill Sclight, and Paula Bacchini
Penelope Collins and Christine Triant
Andrew  and Dora Economides
ZZ Top's Billy Gibbons
Blues Traveler's John Popper
Warren Haynes of the Allman Brothers
Steve Daffron, Ron Kolber, and Lynette and Hank Hyatt
Marcella de Martin and Billy Lerner 
Natalie Anise and Eddie Trunk
George Chrisafis and Costas Kellas
Mike Scottie and John Withrow
Fara Hain Zerto and Cathy Andersen
Sir Martin Sorrell being interviewed about his life and career by PBS host Charlie Rose
Ronald Perelman, Charlie Rose, Sir Martin Sorrell, and Robert K. Kraft
Sir Martin Sorrell with Israel's Consul General in New York, Amb. Ido Aharoni
Ronald O. Perelman, Robert K. Kraft, and Lorraine Bracco
Don Mattingly, Derek Jeter, Allen Popowitz (Board Chair), Jeffrey Loria (Dinner Co-Chair), and Keith Hernandez
Allen Popowitz, Don Mattingly, Dorine Gordon, Keith Hernandez, Bob Costas, and Franco Harris
Dorine Gordon, Jennifer Steinbrenner Swindal, and Liz Martin
Jeanette and Anthony Senerchia, Derek Jeter, and Patrick and Jenn Quinn
Kevin Brown Thompson and Derek Jeter
Kevin Brown Thompson and family with Eddie Redmayne
Tamsen Fadal, Lois Braverman, Suzanne Murphy, Javier Gomez, and Martha Fling
Laurie Sprayregen, Alice Netter, and James Sprayregen
Michele Scheinkman, Lois Braverman, and Marie Wilson
Arnold Syrop and Linda Dishy
Tamsen Fadal, Chris Gillespie, and Martha Fling
Nina Taselaar
Valerie and Carl Kempner
Kristy Rao and Javier Gomez
Lois Braverman, Andrew Solomon, and Tamsen Fadal
Pieter Taselaar, Amy and Greg Eagen, and Nina Taselaar
Silvia Espinal, Dorimar Morales, and Erika Klein
 Honorees Andrew Malcolm and Dan Bena 
 ANDRUS Acting President and CEO Bryan R. Murphy with his wife Brooke Baran 
 ANDRUS Vice President of Community-Based Programs Kerron Norman with Mr. and Mrs. Bradley and Barbara Baran          
 Demo DiMartile, Pajama Program Founder and Executive Director Genevieve Piturro, and Bryan R. Murphy 
 Nicole Pelose and guest 
Mr. and Mrs. Bradley and Barbara Baran with ANDRUS Vice President of Human Resources and Knowledge Management Tito Del Pilar 
 Brooke Baran, Leslie Zeller, Tyrone Hodge, and Barbara Baran 
The scene at Ovarian Cancer Research Fund's 20th Anniversary Legends Gala, hosted by Harry Connick Jr.
 Pierce Brosnan and Harry Connick Jr. 
 Pierce Brosnan 
 Pierce Brosnan, Harry Connick Jr., Brooke Goodman Cohen, and OCRF Board Members
 Victor Garber 
 Chet Burros, Claudia Burros, Mara Sandler, and Ricky Sandler 
 Dionne Warwick 
 Audra Moran, Pierce Brosnan, Brooke Goodman Cohen, and Chris Salgardo 
 Nick Loeb and Kat Cohen 
 Analeigh Tipton 
 Kat Cohen and Dori Cooperman 
 Sherry Jacobson, Harry Connick Jr., John Hansbury, and Brooke Goodman Cohen 
 Ed Labaton, Audra Moran, and Sol Schreiber 
 Catherine Malandrino and Kelly Rutherford with friends
 Kara Gordon and Vita Giordano 
 Lisa Lampanelli and  Harry Connick Jr. 
 Lieba Nesis, Joan Jedell, and David Hryck 
 Rob Tilberis, Jeanette Chang, and Chris Tilberis 
 Alison Brod and Maneesh Goyal 
 Liz Margolies and Devorah Rose 
 Fountain House Fall Fete 2014 Chairs: Katie Tozer, Jennifer Oken, Angela Clofine, Jeremy Goldstein, Lil Phillips, Katie Zorn. Missing: Byrdie Bell, Madeleine and Alexandre Desmarais, Kathleen and Reha Kocatas, Katherine Lipton and Alex Lipman, and Sarah Simmons 
 Dani Stahl, Charlotte Ronson, Katie Zorn, Chiara de Rege, Jennifer Liang, and Hilary Koyfman 
 Alexis Preston, Katie Zorn, and Nicole Veras 
 Honorees - Ben Howe, Lou Howe, and Luca Borghese 
 Dick Zorn and Ilene Wetson 
 Graziano de Boni, Valerie de Boni, Cliff Brokaw, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Jose Luis Guerra and Florence Peyrelongue 
 John Rustum, Shannon Henderson, and Todd Henderson
 Michael Clofine and Angela Clofine 
 Dick Zorn, Franny Zorn, Katie Zorn, and Lee Huebner 
 Jo Garst and Tracy Lindwall 
 Elise McLean, Megan Henze, Fritz Franz, and Chrissy Franz 
 Nicola White and Benjamin Zimbric 
 Alex Lipman, Sarah Simmons, Brooke Mountain, and Asher Lipman 
 Megan Savage and Tyler Gaffney 
 Carrie Howe, Lou Howe, Ellen Howe, and Ben Howe 
 Mo Koyfman and Hilary Koyfman 
 Sloane Mikesell, Amanda Schumaker, Jamie Birkenhead, and Richard Birkenhead 
 Jonathan Berger and Marjaleena Berger 
 Warren Tye, Giusi Cennamo, Ben Draper, and Jessica Caetano 
 Elisa Gaede and Meagan Cowan-Barnes 
 Ben Howe, Helen Pennoyer, Daisy Keevil, and Luca Borghese 
 Alexandra Fisher, Phil Fisher, and Diane Chachas 
 Danielle Goldstein, Richard Donnell, and Leila Feinberg 
 Katherine Todd and Jaimee Zanzinger 
 Michael Pierson, Annette Tapert Allen, and  Lou Howe 
 Mark Gilbertson and Kate Allen 
 Kamie Lightburn and Scott Anderson 
 Olda FitzGerald, Susan Richardson, and Kathrine Richardson 
 Spencer Harper, Christina McInerney, Patrick Guinness, and Paula McDermott 
 Beth Dater and Michael Kerrigan 
 Sean Reynolds, Paula McDermott, Donough Cahill, and Kyra Cheremeteff 
 Delia Roche-Kelly, Jose Aguire, and Beatriz Aguire 
 Sheila O'Malley Fuchs, Michael Kerrigan, Chantal O'Sullivan, and Kieran McLoughlin 
 Jill Donoghue and Robert O'Byrne 
 Bob Dowling, Steven Stolman, Michael Kerrigan, and Rich Wilke 
 Robert Fox and Anya Fox 
 Angus Wilke and Cynthia Ryan 
 Christopher Monkhouse and William Laffan 
 Ursula Burns 
 Joy Reid 
 Amma Asante 
 Scott Seydel, Pat Mitchell, Elianne Ramos, Gloria Steinem, Sheila Johnson, and Julie Burton 
 Clive Davis and Lesley Gore 
 David Corn, Jessica Valenti, Elizabeth Plank, and Rachel Sklar 
 Donna Deitch, Bonnie Schaefer, and Robin Morgan 
 Jewelle Bickford, Lauren Embrey, and Sally Kohn 
 Julie Burton, Carol Jenkins, and Carolyn Maloney 
 Phil Donahue, Gloria Steinem, Marlo Thomas, and Robin Morgan 
 Roger Hickey, Gloria Steinem, David Corn, and Julie Burton 
 Sady Doyle, Elianne Ramos, and Lindy West 
 Steven Swig, Mary Swig, and Gloria Steinem 
 Vanessa De Luca, Elianne Ramos, and Juile Burton 
 Bob Peterson, Katie Couric, and Marlo Thomas 
 Katie Couric and Barbara Walters 
 Gala Chair Walter Pye; Honoree Len McNally; Carter Burden Center for the Aging Executive Director William J. Dionne; Gala Vice Chair Susan Burden; Gala Vice Chair Jeffrey Weber; and Honoree Michael P. McLaughlin
 Carter Burden Center for the Aging Board of Directors: Margaret Smith, Susan Burden, Duane Hampton, Patrick Murphy, Kathryn Cashman, Sally Phipps, Paul Powers, Beth Reifers, David Meneret, Mary Connelly, Gib Dunham, Jeff Weber, and Lindsay O'Reilly
 New York Community Trust: David Marcus, Eileen Casey, Roderick Jenkins, Len McNally, Pat Jenny, Lorie Slutsky, and Irfan Hassan 
 Donna Corrado, Commissioner, NYC Department for the Aging; and Caryn Resnick, Deputy Commissioner, NYC Department for the Aging
 Gala Chair David Meneret; Erin Shakespeare; Honoree Michael McLaughlin; and Gala Chair Walter Pye 
 Gala Vice Chairs Margaret and Ian Smith 
 Carter Burden Center for the Aging Senior Participants: Jenny Rodriguez, Norma Negron, Carol Massa, George Davis, Sarah Petit, Rita Trapner, and Anne Wild 
The Horticultural Society of New York's  21st Annual Fall Luncheon the Metropolitan Club.
 Sharon Casdin, Mary Van Pelt, and Sara Hobel 
 Bronson Van Wyck and Coco Kopelman 
 Alison Strong and Jill Ross 
 Anna Safir and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Barbara Paul Robinson, Louis Bauer, Mark Fisher, Claudia Bonn, Marechal Brown, and Tom Smarr 
 Jack Lynch and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Kamie Lightburn and Francis Schultz 
 Lindsey Pryor, Lucy Lamphere, Sheila Stephenson, and Betsy Bacon 
 Maria Hernandez, Douglas Blonsky, and Kamie Lightburn 
 Dr. Marianne Engle, Susi Wunsch, and Cecilia Dupire 
 Nancy Mortimer, Jessica Tcherepnine, and Anne Ekstrom 
 Natalie Pray, Helen Fitzgerald, Lucy Day, and Sharon Casdin 
 Rochelle Ohrstrom, Liz Peek, and Lucy Lamphere 
Click to order “Barefoot to Billionaire: Reflections on a Life’s Work and a Promise to Cure Cancer."
 Neil Cavuto, Publisher Peter Mayer, Jon Huntsman, and Abby Huntsman
Pete Peterson, Michael Peterson, and Jon Huntsman
John and Billie Resnick
Sandi Mendelson, Christopher Cerf, and Lynn Sherr
Mary Kaye Huntsman, Jon Huntsman Jr., and  Abby Huntsman
Jon and Karen Huntsman  with Lord and Lady Evelyn de Rothschild
Jon Huntsman Jr. and Jeff Greenfield
Rudy Sotolongo, Wayne Reaud, Jon Huntsman, Larry Tillury, and Paul Huntsman
Glenn Horowitz and Tracey Jackson
Wayne Reaud and Ben Barnes
David Peterson, Peter Cary Peterson, and Paige Peterson
 Luncheon Benefit Advisor Committee: Amanda Low, Stacy Pinelli, Elyse Fuerth, Barbara Barbera, Holly Peterson, Maria Vecchiotti, and Cathy Trentalancia 
SAH Trustees Elsie Aidinoff, Amanda Low, Pete Eikenberry, Mimi Saltzman, Maria Vecchiotti, Jonathan Stearns, Lauren Marrus, Holly Peterson, and Dorian Brown 
Storefront Academy First Grade students 
Elisa Istueta, Lauren Marrus, Jennifer Marrus, Mary Judelson, Holly Peterson, and Ritchie Howe 
Holly Peterson, Ray Cameron, and Jonelle Procope 
Patty Sacks, Elyse Fuerth, Vanessa Fuerth, and Valerie Goldfein 
Pat Schifke, Maria Vecchiotti, and Donna Golkin 
Joan Saltzman and Debra Luken 
Alexis Thomason and SAH Student Ambassadors 
SAH Student Ambassador and Martine Rubenstein 
 Bruce, Doubles Concierge 
 Jim Coleman and Cynthia Ott 
 Chips Page and friends 
 David Orentreich and Marina Killery 
 Emdens and Falkenbergs and friends 
 Fred Spencer and Bianca Nikic 
 Alison Minton, Bob Stumo, and Anne D'Innocruzio 
 Barbara and Peter Regna 
 Megan Meade, Chris Lipuia, Adam Brenner, and Charlie Amber 
 Denise Rich
 Lisa and Tom Wilkenson and friends 
 Tina Flaherty and friend 
 Mrs. du Maurier and friend 
 Karenn Brown 
Dr. Jeffrey Borenstein, Dr. Herbert Pardes, and Dr. Mehmet C. Oz
Dinner Co-Chairs  Suzanne Golden (left) and Virginia Silver (right) with BBRF President and CEO Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D.
 Nobel Laureate Eric Kandel, M.D., Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., and Mehmet Oz, M.D.
John Golden, Suzanne Golden, Carole Mallement, and Harvey Mallement
Ronald Abramson, Anne Abramson, and Eve Novick
Mehmet Oz, M.D., Ellen Levine, and Richard Levine, M.D. 
Herbert Pardes, M.D., Nancy Wexler, Ph.D., and Bob Wright
The scene in the Wade Thompson Drill Hall  of the Park Avenue Armory for Park Avenue Armory's 2014 Gala Masquerade.

Guests gathering at their places for the dinner at the Park Avenue Armory Gala.


Peter Sellars and Elihu Rose

 John Guare, Adele Chatfield Taylor, and Peter Sellars in conversation
 David Monn 
 Jane DeFlorio and John McDermott 
 Olivia Flatto, Alex Poots, Heidi McWilliams, and Adrienne Arsht 
 Elizabeth Kahane, Rebecca Robertson, and Dr. Shirley Madhere 
 Randy Kemper and Tony Ingrao 
 Marjorie Reed Gordon and Ellery Gordon 
 Joanne Ellis and Scott Waddell 
 Michael Feinstein, Cathie Black, Tom Harvey, Adrienne Arsht, and Terrence Flannery 
 Juliana May and Amy Silverman 
 Raj Prakash and Stacey Alvarez 
 Juliana May, Jonathan May, Amy Silverman, and Jeffrey Silverman 
 Alan Levenstein and Gail Levenstein 
 Tamara Bernstein and Brad Bernstein 
 Steven Brill and Cynthia Brill 
 Michael Shnayerson and Gayfryd Steinberg 
 Rico King 
 Nancy Offit, Morris Offit, and Nancy Marks 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Kathy Steinberg and Veronica Kelly
 James Bassett and Bree Jeppson 
 Amanda Thompson-Riegel, Dicky Riegel, and Angela (Mrs. Wade) Thompson 
 Sanford Smith and Jill Bokor 
 Amy Galanos and Nanna Stern 
 Julie Macklowe and Billy Macklowe 
 Margot Steinberg and Stan Harrison 
 Diana Revson, Tripp Revson, Kylie Halperin, Alex Revson, and Alexis Powers 
 Terry Crosby and Mihaela Crosby 
 Jamie Tisch and Julian Gratry 
 Lesley and Rob Vecsler 
 Heidi McWilliams and Chuck Royce 
 David and Heather Halberstadt 
 John Fiscora and Katherine Todd 
 Joanne Ellis and Scott Waddell 
 Jill Lloyd, Isabelle Harnoncourt, and Noreen Buckfire 
 Lorri Ahl and Michael Edsall 
 Barbara Tober, Donald Tober, Denise Saul, Andrew Saul, Mindy Papp, and Matthew Smyth 
 Chris Larson, Mary Kush, Ed Sumpter, Marcella Ciceri, and Gus Davis 
 Cathie Black, Tom Harvey, and Adrienne Arsht 
 Christian Gudefin and Marie Noel Pierce 
 Sheila Stephenson and George Stephenson 
 Nadia 
 Elizabeth Callender 
 Gwen Norton and Sam Claiborne 
 Thelma Golden and Kate D. Levin 
 Colin Callender and Julie Taymor 
 Mira Nair and Joe Reece 
 Christina and Ilda 
 Dyllan McGee Diana Revson, and Joyce Cowin 
 Paul Travis and Eric Rudin 
 Tom Pulling and Eileen Pulling 
 Alexis Powers, Alex Revson, Charles Revson, Diana Revson, Kylie Halperin, and Tripp Revson 
 Peter Nitze and Susan Nitze 
 Samantha Rudin Earls, George Farias, and Ophelia Rudin 
 Raj Prakash and Stacey Alvarez 
 Pedro Gonzales and Maria Caso 
 Heather Halberstadt and David Halberstadt 
 Jeff Arnstein and Pat Papachristidis 
 Charlotte Mittenthal and Tilly Moross 
 Bill Rudin and Scott Nelson 
 Isabelle Harnoncourt and Richard Feigen 
 Michael Wise and Della Rounick 
 Edmee Firth and Andrew Farkas 
 Barbara Gundlach, Andrew Gundlach, and Shirin von Wolfen 
 Cecelia Alemani and Timothy Quinlan 
 Annie Taube and Eleanor Ylvisaker 
 Robert Bradford, Barbara Taylor Bradford, and friend
Melanie Holland, Catherine Carey, Dee Dee Taylor Eustace, Clelia Peters, Michael Boodro, Barbara Friedmann, Frederick Warburg Peters, Jim Bunn, Karen Klopp, and Martha Glass at  The Society of Memorial Sloan Kettering's  26th Annual Preview Party for The International Fine Art and Antiques Show. 
 Alexia Hamm Ryan and Natalie Kaplan 
 Andrew Heaney, Andrew Georges, and Leslie Heaney 
 Antony Todd and friend
 Ara Hovnanian and Elizabeth de Kergolay 
 Bruce Addison  and  Evelyn Tompkins 
 Carol Mack and Debbie Bancroft 
 Chris Meigher, Mary Hilliard, and Bill McKnight 
 Daisy Kanavos, Dennis Paul, and Blair Husain 
 Dana and Larry Creel 
 Debbie Daumann and Nina Griscom 
 Deborah Norville and Karl Wellner 
 Donald and Lisa Jackson 
 Eric and Caroline Villency 
 Frances Schultz and Nina Griscom 
 Grace Meigher and Brad Comisar 
 Julian Gratry and Jamie Tisch 
 Kara Ross, Rachel Hovnanian, and Wendy Carduner 
 Kate Allen and Jennifer Oken 
 Kirk Henckels with Lorna and Larry Graev 
 Kristen and Charlie Krusen 
 Tara, Michael, Peter, and Allison Rockefeller
 Locke and Lilly Maddock 
 Lorna Graev and Kari Tiedemann 
 Mag Braff, Leslie Stevens, and Chappy Morris
 Mark Gilbertson and Barbara Tober
 Mark Gilbertson, Bronson Van Wyck, and Zani Gugelmann 
 Mary Van Pelt 
 Michael Comminotto and Dennis Basso 
 Monique Richards 
 Nina Richter and Terry Fritzgerald 
 Pauline Pitt, Jerry Seay, and Fernanda Kellogg 
 Whitney Fairchild and Scott Currie
 Peter and Katie Pennoyer 
 Richard  and Kami Lightburn with Michael and Tori Kempner 
 Richard Cohen and Vicky Ward 
 Richard Johnson and Vicky Ward 
Ellsworth Kelly and Agnes Gund
Bonnie Burnham, Mica Ertegun, Ellsworth Kelly, and Mary McFadden 
Ashton Hawkins, Patty Tang, John Hawkins, and Peter Kimmel 
Fernanda Kellogg and Kirk Henckels 
Connie Hildesley, Alex Gregory, and Linda Wachner 
Ashton Hawkins, Joan Hardy Clark, and Peter Duchin 
Tuna Koprulu, A. M. Homes, and Alison Gingeras 
Manuela Hoelterhoff, Elbrun Kimmelman, and Ildiko Butler 
Gary Pudney, Amy Lemons-Sutton, Kenny Lane, and Alden Ramsey 
Jean-Michel Placent and Felicia Taylor 
Tyler Gaffney and Todd Yannuzzi 
Alice Walton and Linda Ferber 
Judy Taubman
Robert Couturier, Irith Landeau, Mercedes Bass, and Jim Zirin
Barbara Goldsmith and Lester Weingarten 
Roberta  Sandeman and Peter Pennoyer 
Ann Madonia and Suzanne Clary 
Christopher Walling and Casey Kohlberg 
Paul Beirne and Suzanna Cole Kohlberg 
James Reginata, Alison Gingeras, A. M. Homes, Jack Bankowsky, Charlotte Birnbaum, and Nicholas Cullinan 
Cynthia Frank, Muffie Potter Aston, Lauren DuPont, Claudia Overstrom, Alexia Hamm Ryan, and Karen Zucker
 Trish Carroll, Hilary Dick, Courtney Moss, Sallie Giordano, and Jennifer Creel
Madeline Weinrib and Jacqueline Schnabel 
Muffie Potter Aston, Martha Glass, and Judy Cox 
Mario Buatta and Michael Boodro 
Eleanor Ylvisaker and Beth Blake Day 
Arie and Coco Kopelman 
Ernest de la Torre, Michael Boodro, and Barbara Friedmann 
Helena and Roman Martinez 
Emilia Krimendahl 



 70. Teresa Colley, Cathy Nassau, Karen Klopp, Ginna le Vine, and Susy Schieffelin




Bunny Williams, John Rosselli 
 Sold out NY City Center for Career Transition for Dancers 29th Jubilee.
 James Earl Jones presented Angela Lansbury with the ROLEX Dance Award 
 Chuck Scarborough welcomes Chita Rivera 
 Sotheby's Hugh Hildesley helped garner over $140,000 from bidders 
 Tony Waag's American Tap Dance Foundation 
 Dance Theater of Harlem performs Mother Popcorn from Return 
 World Premiere of New York Church of Mambo choreographed by Alex Sanchez 
 American Ballet Theatre's Veronika Part and Blaine Hoven in the pas de deux from Seven Sonatas 
 The brilliant Michael Dameski 
 Karen Ziemba & The Rockettes Alumni in I want to be a Rockette 
 Samba by Silva Dance Company 
 Paula Abdul and Michael Dameski 
 Michele Riggi and Alexander Dube 
 James Earl Jones and Angela Lansbury 
 Michele Riggi and honoree Joe Tremaine 
 Cynthia Fischer, Angela Lansbury, Cynthia Gregory, and Chita Rivera 
 Michelle and Larry Herbert 
 Patricia Shiah 
 Adam Pollet, Jennifer Becker Pollet, and Stuart Becker 
 Victor Elmaleh, Sono Osato, and Anka Palitz 
 Honoree Janice Galli Becker and Stuart Becker 
 Barbara Taylor Bradford and Robert Bradford 
 Richard and Donna Soloway 
 Edgar Batista, Margo Langenberg, and Edward Callaghan 
 Thomas and Patricia Shiah 
 Bill Cunningham 
 Prima ballerina Cynthia Gregory  and Ann Marie DeAngelo
 Alex Dube and Anka Palitz 
 Barbara and Peter Regna 
 Candace Gonzalez, Ann Van Ness, and Caroline Lieberman 
 Anka Palitz, Jean Shafiroff, and Lucia Hwong Gordon
 The dance pros take the floor
            ...
 Ballet Hispanico rocked the party 
 Lynn Sherr and John McEnroe 
 Valerie Ohrstrom, Kamie Lightburn, Nyssa Kourakos, Karen Thornwell May, Neda Navab, and Lynn Sherr 
 Judy Hart Angelo, Mary Pat Christie, and Elaine Langone 
 Valerie Ohrstrom, Neda Navab, Nyssa Kourakos, and 
            Kamie Lightburn
 Kate Gellert, Nancy Missett, and Samantha Gellert 
 Kay and John McEnroe 
 Lise Evans, Alexia Leuschen, and Amandine Freidheim 
 Luanne Blowers and Sheila Labrecque 
 Noreen Buckfire and Antonia Paternó-Castello 
 Suzanne Cochran, John McEnroe, Lynn Sherr, and Tom Kempner 
 Emanuel Ax and PMP Board Co-Chair Itzhak Perlman 
 David Bury, Judy Zankel, OSL Board Chairman Norman Benzaquen, OSL Board Member Georgia Frasch, and OSL President Emeritus Marianne Lockwood 
 Dan and Monique Goldwasser with Howard Solomon 
 Emanuel and Yoko Ax 
 DiMenna Center Council Co-Chair Emme Deland, OSL Executive Director Katy Clark, OSL Board Member Georgia Frasch, and PMP Board Co-Chair Itzhak Perlman 
 OSL Board Member Georgia Frasch, PMP Board Co-Chair Itzhak Perlman, and Ronald Frasch 
 James Lally and OSL Board Member Helen Lally 
 OSL Board Member Janet Seidler and Charles Seidler, and OSL Board Member Carol Grossman 
 Jonathan Deland and DiMenna Center Council Co-Chair Emme Deland, and Karen Kochevar 
 Judi Flom, David Hyde Pierce, OSL Vice President Charles Hamlen, and Judy Zankel 
 OSL Executive Director Katy Clark and OSL Board Member Dr. Norman Haffner 
 Leila Straus 
 Matthew Feldman, Charlottle Lee, PMP Board Co-Chair Itzhak Perlman, and David Lai 
 Brian Fisher and OSL Board Member Joanna Fisher 
 Rachel and Dr. Larry Norton, and PMP Board Co-Chair Toby Perlman 
 Roger Alcaly, Stuart and Linda Nelson, and Helen Bodian 
 OSL Board Member Steven Leifer, Karen and Michael Zeigler, and OSL Board Member Dr. Norman Haffner 
 PMP Board Member Vicki Kellogg and Michael Finn 
 Rainbow Room - from upper balcony 
 Michael Boodro, Anita Sarsedi, Mitchell Owens, and Barbara Freidmann 
 Stephanie Stokes and Tom Kligerman 
 Henry Neville, Wendy Moonan, and Ulrich Leben 
 Anne Kriken Mann, Joanna Bird, and Susanne Santry 
 Brandon Correll, Joshua Amores, Joel Barkley, Brian McCarthy, and Todd Klein 
 Zoe Ryan, Barry Bergdoll, and Barbara Pine 
 Lucy and Nat Day, Suzy Grote, and Jeanne Butler 
 Ashley and David Adjaye 
 Scott Cummings, Philae Dominick, and Evan and Tricia Stewart 
 Martini man, Sarah Ehrlich, and Liz Hall 
 Mary Anne Hunting, Nick Stern, MaryLouise Napier Zuzunaga, and Courtney Stern 
 Augusta Barone, Mabel Wilson, Mario Gooden, and Alan Robinson 
 Chippy Irvine and Betty Scott 
 Becky Birdwell and Chris Lytle 
 Bob Stern and Nick Stern 
 Fred Bernstein, Birch Coffey, Anne Edgar, Sam Roche, and Dave Sussman 
 Hermes Mallea, Jim and Liz Friedlander, and Carey Maloney 
 Jan Aronson, Matthew Bronfman, Honoree Phyllis Lambert, Charles Bronfman, Stacey Bronfman, and Rita Bronfman 
 Monty Freeman, Honoree Phyllis Lambert, Abraham Thomas, and Fred Bernstein 
 Barrie Pickering and Maggie Carey 
 Presenters Adam Lerner and Thelma Golden with Honoree David Adjaye 
 Colette Arredondo with John Soane figure and John Flower 
 A happy gala guest on departure 
Dinner on the promenade of the David Koch Theater at the  American Ballet Theatre's annual Opening Night Fall Gala benefit.
The table decor
 Adam Shankman 
 Brian Atwood 
 Breandan Fallis and  Hannah Bronfman 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Alec and Hilaria Baldwin 
 Lauren Hutton and  Gina Torres 
 Olivia Munn 
 Micaela Erlanger and Olivia Munn 
 Leslie Ziff 
 Hamish Bowles and Anh Duong 
 Isabella Boylston 
 Al Roker and Deborah Roberts 
 Steven Kobre, Louise Kornfeld, Stephen Kornfeld, Karyn Kornfeld, Adam Kornfeld, Joanna Kornfeld, and Dr. Paul Friedman 
‘Timeless Hollywood icon' with a twist ...
 Somers Farkas and Chele Chiavacci 
 Princess Yasmin Aga Khan and Ronnie Spector 
 Hilary Gumbel and Bryant Gumbel 
 Nikki Haskell
 Brooke Shields, John McEnroe, and Patty McEnroe 
 Lise Evans and Michael Evans 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Jonathan Farkas, and Robert Zimmerman 
 Suzanne Murphy and Nurit Kahane 
 Liz Lang, Mark Locks, and Mindy Grossman 
 Princess Yasmin Aga Khan and Bryant Gumbel 
 Jody Wolf and Marla Helen 
 Uban Hassan 
 John Meltzer, Justin Meltzer, Robin Meltzer, Martin Meltzer, Paul Fine, Lizzie Meltzer, and Amy Meltzer 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Jay Diamond 
 Jana Bullock 
 Paola and Arnie Rosenshein, and Marlyne Sexton 
 Margo Nederlander, and friends 
 Harry Johns, Lynn Carey, and Tommy Hilfiger 
 Sharon Bush
 Serena Torrey Roosevelt, Museum President Ellen V. Futter, Ted Roosevelt V and children 
 Buddy from The Jim Henson Company's Dinosaur Train 
 Mini member with his Family Party backpack 
 Weaving the Wild 
 Chairmen Kim and Greg Lippmann and daughter 
 Vice Chairmen Andrew and Zibby Right and children 
 Museum President Ellen V. Futter and Vice Chairman John Lykouretzos 
 Museum President Ellen V. Futter and Trustee John Eastman 
 Vice Chairman Elizabeth Eginton and son, Trustee Chris Davis, and Museum President Ellen V. Futter 
 Chairman Allison Mignone and Trustee Roberto Mignone with their children 
 Committee Member Dana Wallach Jones with Chairmen Amy Griffin and their children 
 Glow Zone: Wild Weather 
 Dinosaur Fossil Table 
 Clyde Peeling's Reptiland 
 LEO Zoological Conservation Center 
 LEO Zoological Conservation Center 
 Magician Looney Louie 
 Visitors get up close to a giant squid 
 Museum Science Center 
 Museum Science Center 
 Visitors got to see a climbable model of a Hercules beetle from the Museum's upcoming Spring 2015 exhibition Life at the Limits 
 Cozy's Cuts for Kids 
 Bottom row: Copland House Board President 
            Fred Pack and Gala Co-Chair Susan Geffen. Middle: pianist and Copland House Artistic 
            and Executive Director Michael Boriskin and 
            Gala Co-Chair Ann Scheuer. Top: Honoree 
            Robert Morris and composer Daniel Brewbaker
The Music from Copland House ensemble performing
The room at Del Posto
Lidia Bastianich overseeing her kitchen
Dr. Tamara Lazic
Neurosurgen and Copland House trustee Dr. Ezriel Kornel, Paul Shaffer, Chef Lidia Bastianich, pianist and Copland House Artistic and Executive Director Michael Boriskin, and Composer Daniel Brewbaker
Kate McClure with Patrick, Robert & Carol, Alex, and Kate Morris
Lisa Schultz,  Dr. Ezriel Kornel, and Clea Kornel
New York City Council Member Daniel R. Garodnick receiving the Community Services Award from the Executive Director of James Lenox House and Carnegie East House, Joseph H. Girven, LMSW
Christopher Savoglou, Senior Principal, Ted Moudis Associates; Joseph H. Girven, LMSW, Executive Director James Lenox House Association; and honoree Ted Moudis, AIA, Senior Principal, Ted Moudis Associates
Joseph H. Girven, LMSW, Executive Director of James Lenox and Carnegie East House; William C. Patterson, Board Member, James Lenox House Association and Carnegie East House, recipient of Lifetime Achievement Award; and Steve P. Morrows, Executive Vice President RFR Realty LLC and President of Carnegie East House Board of Directors
Crissy Hathaway, Business Development Coordinator, Ted Moudis Associates; and Richard Haray, Senior Vice President of Corporate Services, Interpublic Group
Linda Arnold; Barbara R. Evans, Board Member and Secretary; Pam Abernathy; and Joseph H. Girven, LMSW, Executive Director of James Lenox House and Carnegie East House. 
Roxanne Donovan and Jane Smith
Owen Clarkin, James Lenox House Resident, with Terence Campo and William Luckey
Kariene Acquafreda and Roberta Mikael, Marketing Director of Carnegie East House
Nicole Moudis, Ted Moudis, Mary Ellen Moudis,and Alyssa Moudis
Roxanne Donovan,  Ralph Daiuto,  Richard Holowchack, and Kimberly Allan
Dinner in the West Gallery at the Frick Collection's annual Autumn dinner.
The tablescape in the West Gallery
Dinner in the Oval Room 
Dinner in the East Gallery 
Frick Trustee and the evening's honoree Barbara Fleischman and Frick Director Ian Wardropper
 Frick Chief Curator Xavier Salomon, Frick Director Ian Wardopper, Frick Trustee Barbara Fleischman, Benefit Chairman Londa Weisman, Benefit Chairman and Frick Trustee Sidney R. Knafel, Benefit Chairmen Matthew and Monika McLennan, Benefit Chairman and Frick Trustee Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani, and Benefit Chairman Sandeep Mathrani
Benefit Chairman Sandeep Mathrani, Benefit Chairmen Matthew and Monika McLennan, Frick Chief Curator Xavier Salomon, Benefit Chairman and Frick Trustee Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani, Frick Trustee Barbara Fleischman, Frick Director Ian Wardropper, Benefit Chairman Londa Weisman, and  Benefit Chairman and Frick Trustee Sidney R. Knafel
Howdy and Mary Phipps, Frederick R. Koch, and Margo Morton Langenberg
Elizabeth and Stanley Scott with Joanne du Pont Foster
Joanne du Pont Foster, Douglas Hyland, and Elizabeth Gage
Frick Trustee Margot Bogert  with Sirgay and Judith Sanger
Terry and Robert Lindsay, Amy Fall, and Hartley Rogers
Dan Regan and Jocelyn Carpenter
Maurice G. Eldridge and Lillian Kraemer
Joan and James Wilson
Frick Associate Curator of Decorative Arts Charlotte Vignon, Lucy Jane Lang, and Margi Schwartz
Benefit Chairman Sandeep Mathrani, and Benefit Chairman and Frick Trustee Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani
John Dunning and Roberta Schneiderman
 Miriam and Dan Quart
Hilda and Arnold Neis
June Dyson and James Guedry
Martin and Kathleen Feldstein with Anne and François Poulet
Robert L. Froelich, Elise Frick, John Garraty, and Frick Trustee Emily T. Frick
Barbara and John Burns, and Nancy Marks
Daniel Laub and Michelle Flesh
Douglas Hyland, David Orcutt, Sarah McNear, and Peter Trippi
Colin Bailey and Frick Senior Curator Susan Galassi
Jim Jordan, Charlotte Verity, and Christopher LeBrun
Steven and Leonora Levy
Nicola Knight, Guillaume Fouilleron, and Fedeli and Lydia Miranda
 Sofia Blanchard, Frick Trustee Peter Blanchard, and Mary and Howdy Phipps
Helen Clay Chace and Frick Curator Denise Allen
Catherine Sabino, Frick Associate Director of Media Relations and Marketing Heidi Rosenau, and Eiko Assael
Robert "Stretch" and Liz Gardner with Diana and George Hambleton
Lisa and Jeff Volling
Mark and Justina Mignani
Nomi Ghez, Cynthia R. Boardman, Elizabeth Eveillard, and Frick Trustee Jean-Marie Eveillard
Jennifer Wright and Alex Bouzari
Frick Trustee Barbara Fleischman and Joyce Menschel
Amory and Sean McAndrew
Caitlin Davis, Pauline Eveillard, Clare McKeon, Colin Bailey, and Lucy Jane Lang
Phyllis and Nathan Shmalo
Susan Sloan, Arthur Clark, and Janine Luke
Frick Trustee Melinda Sullivan and Kathryn Haw
Mark David, Claire Distenfeld, Rosemary Vrablic, and Jared Kushner
Colin Bailey, Frick Trustee Margot Bogert, Frick Chief Curator Xavier Salomon, and Anne Poulet
Frick Deputy Director of External Affairs Tia Chapman, Monika McLennan, and Christopher LeBrun
Christopher LeBrun and Monika McLennan
Marina French and Frick Trustee Peter Blanchard
Frick Trustee Barbara Fleischman and Vartan Gregorian
Frick Trustee Margot Bogert, Frick Director Ian Wardropper, and Frick Trustee Barbara Fleischman
Martha Fleischman and Frick Trustee Barbara Fleischman
Michael Graziano with Lisa and Richard Baker
Frick Deputy Director of External Affairs Tia Chapman with Stanley and Elizabeth Scott
 Lucy Jane Lang, Sarah McNear, Frick Associate Curator of Decorative Arts Charlotte Vignon, and Colin Bailey
Frick Trustee Margot Bogert, John and Barbara Burns, and Francois and Anne Poule
 Mr. and Mrs. Michael J. Horvitz
Christopher Apostle, Elizabeth Stafford, and Mark Haukohl
Helen Clay Chace and Sarah McNear
Gail and Peter Goltra
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sitt
Louise Grunwald, Douglas Cramer, and Lynn Nesbit
Marilyn and Lawrence Friedland
Benefit Chairman Sandeep Mathrani, Benefit Chairman and Frick Trustee Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani, and Anjali and Prakash Melwani
Jonathan and Sheri Boos
Elise Frick, John Garraty, and Mary and Howdy Phipps
 Lynn Wyatt and Christopher Mason 
 Hilda Ochoa-Brillembourg and Christopher Mason 
 Santiago Calatrava and Christopher Mason 
 Gabriel Gonzalez and Jackie Weld Drake 
 Edgar Batista and Audrey Gruss 
 Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos, Jeanne Lawrence, Jamee Gregory, and Helena Martinez 
 Federico Garza-Bueron and Jessica Garza-Bueron 
 Hilda Ochoa-Brillembourg, Arturo Brillembourg, Mark Gillespie, and Clara Chopivsky 
 Irina Serrano, Andres Serrano, and Sabrina Wirth 
 Jamee Gregory and Prince Dmitri of Yugoslavia 
 John Demsey and Kelly Bensimon 
 Juan Larrain, Carolina Alvarez-Mathies, Rachel Lee Holland, and Gabriel Alonso Mendoza 
 Michele Gerber Klein 
 Francesco Galesi, Tina Beriro, and  Peter Bacanovic
 Pierre LeVai and Marcia Levine
 Querube Arias Clar, JoAnn Mason, and Hilda Ochoa-Brillembourg 
 Robertina Calatrava and Pierre LeVai 
 Adrienne Vittadini and John Bernbach 
 Ann Nitze, Shayne Doty, and Julie Geier 
 Bicky Kellner, Steven Aronson, Jeannette Sanger, and George Kellner 
 Santiago Calatrava, Sarah Calderon, Jackie Weld Drake, Lynn Wyatt, and Prince Dmitri of Yugoslavia 
 Tony Bechara and Yolanda Santos 
 Will Harcourt-Smith, Amira Thoron, Elise Enders, and Tom Enders 
Laurie Caputo, Anne Waldron, Hillary Lammens, JoAnn Slattery, Susan Fugelsang, Susan Weis, and Susan Jackson at "Safe Motherhood Initiative: Protecting the Mothers of New York and Beyond."
Dr. Steven J. Corwin and Ellen Corwin
Gigi Howard, Andrea Canning, and Dr. Mary D'Alton
Sarah Brown and Gigi Howard
Ashley Potter Bruynes, Laura McVey, and Jessica Rochards
Alisa Wood, Jennifer Hanley, Amy Stuart, and Kelley Badishkanian
JoAnn Slattery and Lottie Oakley
Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser, Susan Gutfreund, and Muna Rihani Al-Nasser 
Valerie Mallick, Jenna Jaffe, Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser, and Muna Rihani Al-Nasser 
Justine Cushing and Mary McFadden
Sam Mallick, Valerie Mallick, and Michael Mallick 
Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser,Geoffrey Bradfield, Muna Rihani Al-Nasser, and Roric Tobin 
Mona Husani, Raghida Dergham, and Maxima Ghawib
Stuart Rockefeller, Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser, Muna Rihani Al-Nasser, and Julia Rockefeller
Omar Hilal and Nassir Abdulaziz
Arnie and Paola Rosenshein
 Phyllis Komansky, David Komansky, Dr. Cam Patterson, Erica Silverman, Sara DiPasquale, Celia Nichols, Naomi Watts, Leiv Schreiber, Mindy Webster, Susan Frehse, Jessica Kisling, Dr. Barbara Landreth, Kathleen Burns, and Dr. Gerald M. Loughlin 
Dr. Cam Patterson, David Komansky, Phyllis Komansky, and Dr. Gerald M. Loughlin
ara DiPasquale, Erica Silverman, Mindy Webster, Jessica Kisling, Susan Frehse, and Celia Nichols
Liev Schreiber in the batting cages
Naomi Watts with sons Samuel Kai Schreiber and Alexander Pete Schreiber
Guests attend the 25th Anniversary of Light Up A Life benefiting the NewYork-Presbyterian Komansky Center for Children's Health
Swifty's Cafe
Charlie Scheips and the Potterton Group
Cornelia Guest and Robert Caravaggi
Pamela Schwegel, Barbara and Kevin McLaughlin, and AJ Schwegel
Eileen Judell and Susan Relyea
Kamie Lightburn, Martha Glass, and John Glass
Barbara McLaughlin and Jamie Figg
Stephen Attoe and Robert Caravaggi
Jo-Ann Police, Derek Limbocker, and Karen Klopp
Patricia Burnham Brock and William Brock
Claire Bamundo and Jack Lynch
 Cathie Black, Cathie Hubbard, Fashion Designer Reem Acra, Luma Halazon, and Ambassador Karim Kawar 
 Tam Tam, Noor Altamimi, Sarah Altamimi, and Reem Haj 
 Broadway Actress Christine Andreas, Syrian Opera Singer Lubana Al Quintar, and Broadway Playwright Heather Raffo 
 Broadway Actress Julia Murney and Composer Steven Jamail 
 BOU Executive Director Faisal Al-Juburi, Brandon Cardet, and InStyle Magazine EIC Ariel Foxman 
 CFDA CEO Steven Kolb and Fashion Designer Reem Acra 
 Donna Chapman, Cathie Black, and Cathie Hubbard 
 Luma Halazon, Muna Rihani Al-Nasser, and Rema Dupont 
 Judith Lustgarten, Andre Cox, Whitney Johson Kerry Whitaker, Ralph Worthington III, and Bob Munyati 
 Whitney Johnson, Ralph Worthington III, and Kerry Whitaker 
 Kerry Whitaker, Nancy Moon, and Whitney Johnson 
 Jack Guttman, Kerry Whitaker, Jodi Stuart, and Jim Roiter 
 Kerry Whitaker and Tom Harritt 
 Annik Wolf and Robyn Deutsch 
 Carolyn Tenney and Annik Wolf 
 Lauren Marcell, Shay Behrens, and Bob Munyati 
 Jim Roiter, Jodi Stuart, and Jack Guttman 
 Veronique Gautier and Maren Sostmann 
 Carol Roaman, Tsipi Ben-Haim, Kerry Whitaker, and Judith Lustgarten 
 Maren Sostmann, Tsipi Ben-Haim, and Katerina Soukhopalov 
 Ciara Sheridan and Azin Valy 
 Lauren Marcell, Shay Behrens, Hannah Smalley, Whitney Johnson, and Robyn Deutsch 
 Whitney Johnson, Maren Sostmann, and Macy Johnson 
Robert Matheson squires his grandmother, Ruth Buchanan, and her favorite dachshund, Cinderella, across the porch to receive guests for an event for friends and family  to learn more about the work of leading national nonprofit Compassion & Choices. 
 Boykin Curry and Celerie Kemblel 
 Amy Falls and Kristina Perkin Davison 
 Blair Pillsbury Enders 
 Eliza Bolen
            and Dixie Deluca
 Eliza Bolen 
 Holly Andersen and Judy Roth Berkowitz
 Katherine Murdoch
            and Beata Lieb
 Jean-Pierre Lehman with Marean and Thomas Pompidou 
 Maidee Kirkeby and Courtney Rae 
 Rob Davis,  Caroline Curry, and Marc Tessier-Lavigne
 William von Meuffling and Clemence von Meuffling 
 Alex Shuman and Dr. Marc Tessier-Lavigne 
 Dr. Michael A. Stocker, recipient of the Health Care Leadership Award, with his wife, Patricia J. Wang 
 Richard K. and Jennie L. DeScherer, recipients of the Distinguished Community Service Award 
 Roger W. Ferguson, Jr., Andrea G. Cohen, and J. Barclay Collins II 
 Peter W. May and James S. Tisch 
 Sheel Patel and Richard Cotton 
 Ron Pressman  with Gail and Alfred B. Engelberg 
 Merryl H. Tisch and Norma Tallon 
 H. Carl McCall and Stephen Berger 
 Lawrence Schwartz and Dr. Howard A. Zucker 
 Dennis Rivera, Theresa A. Bischoff, and Lee. H. Perlman 
 Sally J. Rogers, Christina H. Proscia, Bill Drover, and Michael J. Noone 
 Dr. Matthew E. Fink, Michelle Adams, and Kenneth E. Raske 
 Cary and Lisa Kravet 
 Mary Beth C. Tully and John Winkleman 
 Robert A. Isaksen and John C. Simons 
 Dr. Amanda S.H. Parsons and Dr. Christina Jenkins 
 Emerald Society Pipe and Drumband 
 Barb Martin, Their Imperial Highnesses Prince and Princess of Ethiopia, and Rick Martin 
 Liz Derring viewing auction items 
 Ann and George Manos 
 M Sgt Eric-Sullivan 
 Margo and John Catsimatidis 
 Peter Lebeau, Michael Boyd, Tina Robin Viters, and Paul Camellari 
 Rita Cosby and John Catsimatidis 
 Tamsen Fadal and Lieutenant Colonel Stephen L. Hoog 
 USO performing 
 Diana Taylor, Retta, and Ana Oliveira 
 Ana Oliveira, Ted Bunch, Anne E. Delaney, Retta, Tony Porter, and Anne Pasternak
 Rick Cote and Susan Cote 
 David Gordon, John Kirby, Michele Penzer, and Tim Kirby 
 Amelia Ogunlesi and Cathy Isaacson 
 Eyxa Bazan and Mavis Vann 
 Jane Summers and Dara Lamb 
 Cecilia Gaston, Zijie Li, and Shiyu Hu 
 Felicia Carr and Maggie Lannon 
 Katie Abbey and Sharonda Boston 
 Elizabeth Meyer and Mark Meyer 
 Andrew Hayward and Gillian Steel 
 Esin Goknar, Holly Block, Susan Block, Fran Barrett, and Sharon Myrie 
 Anne E. Delaney and Grainne McNamara 
 Susan Kotcher and Lyn Pentecost 
 Carol Robles-Roman and Sarah Calderon 
 Martha Sproule and Karen Davidson 
 Danielle Brooks and Sarah Jones 
Mother and daughter co-hosts (R-L) Ruth Buchanan and Bonnie Matheson.

            Ruth told her guests: "I watched both of my late husbands have terribly painful and drawn-out deaths because they didn't plan ahead [by naming resolute healthcare proxies and completing comprehensive advance directives]. They hadn't spoken to their families about their own deeply held end-of-life values and shared what truly living meant to them. I hope each of you  — including my own children and grandchildren — gathered here will not make the same mistakes. Life for me is more than just existing, and I don't want to be here if I can't truly enjoy all of it  — especially dancing!"
Eugene Bowie Roberts, Jr. and Leilani Brenner chat with Compassion & Choices' Major Gifts Officer Jared Hughes.
L-R Ronald Fleming, his guest Phoebe visiting for the season from England - and Leilani Brenner discuss the lively debate currently in process in the House of Lords on an "Assisted Dying" bill modeled after the Oregon Death With Dignity Act. Phoebe shared that Lord Carey, the recently retired Archbishop of Canterbury, and Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu both support the assisted-dying legislation. The iconic roof of the Chinese Tea House folly at neighboring Marble House rises above the hedge in the background.
Mickey MacIntyre, chief program officer of Compassion & Choices, discusses death-with-dignity legal strategy with Ronald Lee Fleming, Eugene Bowie Roberts, Jr. (a member of the Vanderbilt Family) and his wife, Lynn Springer Roberts, visiting from (a soon-to-be death with dignity campaign state) Maryland.
Ruth Buchanan chats on her porch with Carolyn du Pont, a life-long friend of her daughter Bonnie Matheson from their Holton-Arms days.
Vivian Spencer with Helen and Daisy Hilliard.  
Lila Ohrstrom confers with Diana Bunting on 
            plans to host an event for Compassion & 
            Choices at Diana's home in The Plains, Virginia, this fall.
Hostess Ruth Buchanan (pink suit) listens to Compassion & Choices' Chief Program Officer Mickey MacIntyre's response after sharing her story of the grueling end-of-life experiences of two of her late husbands with Brown University Art History Professor and longtime Compassion & Choices friend Anne Schultz, and Patricia Norton-Kidder of the Newport Hospital Advisory Committee; new friend, donor and Newport social-scene fixture Leith Adams. Mickey shared the range of legal options terminally ill people have to control the manner and timing of their deaths. He suggested anyone who wanted more information could call Compassion & Choices' free end-of-life consultation program at: 800-247-7421.
Bonnie shared how she came to learn about Compassion & Choices from her mother and 
            her experiences with her difficult end of life experiences with her mother's late husbands.
 Guests learn about Compassion & Choices End of Life Consultation work with individuals and their families to share information on how to take charge of ones dying process and effect a peaceful death on ones own terms. Guests also learn about the action plan for making aid in dying a legitimate, open and accessible end of life option for all Americans as it is currently in Oregon, Washington, Montana, Vermont and the largest county in New Mexico. 
Anne Dickson Bowen and Mary Hilliard.
New York-based artist and longtime family friends Kit Forrestal, Vivian Spencer and Lila Ohrstrom discuss end-of-life planning and Vivian's work on Senator Sheldon Whitehouse's staff as special projects coordinator for aging issues and health policy.
Diana Bunting, Carolyn du Pont, and Robert Matheson enjoy longtime family ties.
Patricia Gold, RN, shares her views on Death with Dignity (#DWDin6Words).
 Proudly Emmanuel's oldest parishioner at 93, Natalie Pfanstiehl is a well-known watercolorist who believes in end-of-life choice. She shares her views on Death with Dignity.
LPN Mary Miranda shares her views on Death with Dignity.
Compassion & Choices' Major Gifts Officer and family friend of to Emmanuel parishioners shares his # DWDin6Words.
Dinny and Dave Moore share their views on Death with Dignity  for Rhode Island.
June Wing shares her views on Death with 
            Dignity.
John French perusing Compassion & Choices materials at Redwood Library & Athenaeum before its screening of How To Die in Oregon.
Jared Hughes sets up the Sundance Award Winning film, and how it came to be made and speaks about the work of Compassion & Choices which it chronicles.
 Weill Roof Terrace, the site of Carnegie Hall's post-concert dinner to celebrate its 2014-2015 Opening Night Gala.
 Sir Simon Rattle and the Berliner Philharmoniker 
 Violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter, Sir Simon Rattle, and the Berliner Philharmoniker 
 The Weill Roof Terrace and Tent, where they held a post-concert dinner
 Under theTent on the Weill Roof Terrace 
 Gala Chairmen Bruce and Suzie Kovner 
 Gala Chairmen Joan and Sanford I. Weill with Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney 
 Donald and Barbara Tober 
 Gala Chairwoman Mercedes Bass and Barbara Walters 
 David Siegel and Dana Matsushita 
 Len and Emily Blavatnik, Jessica Bibliowicz, Joan Weill, Laurie Glimcher, Carolyn Iu, Natan Bibliowicz, and Sanford I. Weill 
 Cynthia Sculco, Isabel Leonard, Gala Lead Chairman Marina Kellen French, and Sissy Strauss 
 Nicola Bulgari (center) with daughters Veronica and Natalia 
 Gala Chairman Oscar de la Renta and Gala Lead Chairman Marina Kellen French 
 Gala Chairmen Joan and Sanford I. Weill with Bill Cunningham 
 Laura and John Pomerantz 
 Sir Simon Rattle and Gala Lead Chairman Marina Kellen French 
 Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney and Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer 
 Anne-Sophie Mutter, Jessye Norman, Richard Wunderlich, and Deborah Voigt 
 Isabel Leonard and Gala Lead Chairman Marina Kellen French 
 Jeremy Geffen, Marilyn Horne, DeAndre
          Simmons, and Isabel Leonard 
 Elaine Wolfensohn and Marilyn Horne 
 Graham Parker and Deborah Voigt 
 Lang Lang and Paula Zahn 
 Clive Gillinson and Anne-Sophie Mutter 
 Gala Chairman Mercedes Bass and Jim Wolfensohn 
 Fact vs. Fiction Panelists: Adam Kolker, MD, FACS, Ramon Parsons, MD, PhD, Janet Szabo, MD, Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD, Elisa Port, MD, FACS, Jeffery Mechanick, MD, and Amy Tiersten, MD 
Moderator Perri Peltz
Paula Zahn
Lesley Schulhof, Lauren Kolker, and Natasha Cornstein
 Norah O’Donnell and Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD
Trish Paliotta, Tricia Foley, Paula Cleary, and Elisa Port, MD, FACS 
Bonnie Pferfer and Joel Pashcow
Lise Evans and Andrea Glimcher
Kris Fuchs, Sonia Jones, and Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD
Barbara Siegler and Emily Blavatnik
Wayne Froud and Alexandra Yperifanos
Marc Caputo, Stacey Pashcow, and Gayle Sobel
Amy Tiersten, MD and Sarah Amaden
Cocktails on the terrace of the at The Explorers Club
Guests seated for dinner
 Krista Kreiger, Nicole Mollo, Richard Ruggiero, Bryan
          Christy, Sara Thompkins, and Sara Thompkins 
 Jess Gruner, Peter Fearnhead, Ron Ulrich, and Andrew Parker 
 David Koch and Nicole Mollo 
 David Koch and Jimmy Coleman 
 Coleen Rudolph
 Darleen Kasten and Christie Ulrich 
 Bryan Christy and Darleen Anderson 
 Ron Ulrich, Tom and Nancy Gallagher, and Barbara Doran 
 Steven Stone, David Hodin, and JJ Kelley 
 Barbara Doran with Marvin and Donna Schwartz 
 Andrew Parker, Anna McWane, and Jess Gruner 
 Bonnie Hlinomaz, Natalie Anderson, and Pam Ulm 
 Salisa and Alan Rabinowitz 
 Richard Ruggiero, Heidi Lange, and Christian Lange 
 David and Laurie Weiner 
 Janet  and Ed Kelly 
 Olga Neulist, Herb Wetson, and Maura Rose 
 Nicole Mollo and Bryan Christy 
 Ian Douglas-Hamilton and Emilia Saint Amand
 Marc Wolinsky and Barry Skovgaard 
 Benner Ulrich, Ron Ulrich, and Adrian Ulrich 
 Sandra Turner, Philippa Weismann, and Sherry Henry 
The Pink Agenda's seventh annual gala at the IAC Building.
 Samantha Tritsch, William Lauder, Myra Biblowit, Giuliana Rancic, and Lori Tritsch 
 Anna Mattera, Heidi Taylor, Jessie Elsas, Cindy Citrone, and Kim Meir 
 Willie Geist and Giuliana Rancic 
 Chris Benz and Becky Benz 
 Marisa Renee Lee, Meghan Rooney, Dani Haskin, Jaquelyn Scharnick, Liana Douillet Guzman, and Samantha Tritsch 
 Emilia Bechrakis and Ryan Serhant 
 Liana Douillet Guzman, Jacquelyn Sharnick, Giuliana Rancic, and Marisa Renee Lee 
 Jon Passavant, Bhavna Lal, Benj Lee, and Hannah Bronfman 
 Samantha Tritsch and Danielle Bernstein 
 Ryan Fuld, Samantha Tritsch, Alli Stein, and Hannah Bronfman 
Guests enjoy a special screening of Great White Shark in 3D
John Maisey, Curator in the Division of Paleontology
Guests in the Hall of Biodiversity
Steering committee members Erin and Matt Ahrens and friends
Nick Wolf and Ruthie Reisner with friends
Steering committee member Carla Franklin and Bryan Richards
Judson and Megan Traphagen with co-chair Gaelin Rosenwaks and friend 
Co-chair Holly Okner and friend
Museum Curator John Maisey, with co-chairs Zachary and Lori Pomerantz
 Silent Auction Items
Junior Committee of the Alzheimer's Association, New York City Chapter: Gabrielle Maguire, Treasurer; Julie Scherr, Vice President; Liz Johnson, Events Co-Chair; Maxine Squires, Secretary; Marielle Mindlin Bernstein, President; Jessica Steinberg Albin, Advocacy Chair; and Erin McLaughlin, Events Co-Chair 
 Junior Committee of the Alzheimer's Association, New York City Chapter President 
              Marielle Mindlin Bernstein and Alzheimer's Association, New York City Chapter President 
  & CEO Lou-Ellen Barkan 
Lou-Ellen Barkan and Liz Johnson, Events Co-Chair 
 Kevin Long, Jason Leier, Chris Farwell, and Jared Karlebach
 MHA-NYC Gala 2014 Honorees Staff Sergeant Salvatore A. Giunta and Gregory Fleming 
 Duncan Niederauer, Staff Sergeant Salvatore A. Giunta, and Col. Jack H. Jacobs 
 Charles Chasin, Jennifer Ashley, and Mark Bavaro 
 Giselle Stolper and Kevin Danehy 
 Tamsen Fadal and Scott Stanford 
 Ciara Dockery and Dwight Hollier 
 Eric Hesse and friend
 Cynthia Zirinsky (seated in center) and her guests 
Gillian Heart Simmonds
Harvey Weinstein
Kimberly Rockefeller and Jay McInerney
Sharon Bush, Tom Knapp, and Anne Hearst
Sasha Lloyd and James Frances Ginty
Cece Cord
Jean Shafiroff and Erik Bottcher
R. Couri Hay and Sonja Morgan
Greg Cameron, Ellie Forman, Ashley Wheater, and Kathleen Henson
Front Row: Lisa Nucci, Julie Adler, Beth Esler, and Susan Goodenow
            Back Row: Sebrina Beyer, Nancy Reinsdorf, Tina Berto, and Hillary Thomas
Katie Freiburger, Sue-Gray Goller, and Raheela Anwar
Carol Stone and Laura Kofoid
Denise Casalino, Connie Gerber, Gloria Schaffer, Liz Sharp, and Maureen Gorman
Cheryl Tana Oblander, Deborah Engle, and Elizabeth Yntema
Brooke Hubbuch and Maria Pinto
Sonya Jackson and Rochelle Trotter
Tarrah Cooper, Nicole Johnson-Scales, Taylor Townsend, and Erica Edwards
Abby McCormick O'Neil, Martha Melman, Suzy Friedman, and Noren Ungaretti
Dinner at the "Masked Ball" at Hearst Castle during the sixth annual Hearst Castle Preservation Foundation Benefit Weekend.
 Anne Hearst McInerney and Jay McInerney 
 Anne Hearst McInerney and Stefan Hearst 
 Eric Sheehan, Kick Kennedy, and Ben Berube 
 Chonita Cleary, Michelle Cleary, Alison Mazzola, Sylvia Mazzola, and Michelle d'Arcambal 
 Jonathan Lonsdale, Tatiana Merel, John O'Connor, Remar Sutton, Tayler Cox, and Joe Lonsdale 
 Justine Bloomingdale, Robert Bloomingdale, Julie Tobias, Lester Tobias, Suzanne Trepp, and Peter Trepp 
 Wendy Stark and George Farias 
 Meredith Randol, Randy Harris, James Casale, and Ciana Barrom 
 Natalie and James Bloomingdale 
 Randy Harris and Amanda Hearst 
 Sylvia Mazzola and Jamie Figg 
 Jane Moggio, Alatia Bradley, and Ashley Christopher 
 Allison Strong, Anna Lynn Oppenheimer, and Lee Baratier 
 Daiga Chadha, Cece Coffin, and Parisa Jaffer 
 Dr. Lawrence Rosen 
 Anna Lynn Oppenheimer, Allison Strong, Dr. Lawrence Rosen, and Lisa Lambert 
 Eby McKay and Tara Liddle 
 Karen Amen and Kristen Genovese 
 Kamie Lightburn, Bernadine Dilfond, and Rima Parachini 
 Margot Takian and Molly O'Mara Sheehan 
 Cece Coffin and Emily Garbaccio 
 Mary van Pelt, Jane Moggio, and Peyton Muldoon 
 Naomi Daniels and Dallas Rexer 
 Valerie Bruce, Tara Liddle, Nina Kohler, Krysten Plynn, and Lee Baratier 
 Brian McCarthy, Sandra Nunnerley, and Ralph Pucci 
 Dick Solomon, Robert Newman, and Michele Senecal 
 Brian McCarthy, Sandra Nunnerley, Dee Dee Eustace, and Matthew Patrick Smyth 
 Margaret Russell and Ralph Pucci 
 Caroline Sollis and Janice Langrall 
 Amy Lau and Jacqueline Terrebone 
 Urban Karlssen, Harry Heissmann, Amy Lau, and Juan Montoya 
 Tony Freund, Jennifer Skoda, Matthew Patrick Smyth, Randall
          Beale, and Harry Heissmann 
 Matthew Patrick Smyth and Brett Beldock 
 Brett Beldock, Ilene Wetson, and Barbara Hawkins 
 Antonino  Buzzetta and James O'Leary 
 Todd Klein and Marilyn White 
 Mary Ryan, Donald Sultan, Milton Adams, and Ann McDougall Einstein 
 Kirsten McCoy, Lloyd Princeton, and Laura Buchner 
 Besty Senior and Ann Marshall 
 Susan Teller, Robert Newman, and Diane Villani 
 Courtney Coleman and Bill Brockschmidt 
 Tony Freund, Wendy Moonan, and Marshall Watson 
 Sharon Bush and Lauren Bush Lauren 
 Susan Nagel, Henry Buhl, and Christa Percopo 
 Jean Shafiroff and Elena Volgin 
 Lisa Bentinck, Christopher Mason, and Milly de Cabrol 
 Katherine Mossman and Ryan Dougherty 
 Roric Tobin, Emel Kiral, and Justin Comcannon 
 Consuelo Vanderbilt Costin and Nicole Noonan 
 Jeffrey Slonim and Hunt Slonem 
 Lauren Bush Lauren, Elizabeth Thieriot, and Lauren Lawrence 
Summoning the guests at the annual Rose Garden Dinner Dance at The New York Botanical Garden.
 Entering The New York Botanical Garden's  rose collection
 Arnold Neis, Hilda Neis, and Philip Warner 
 Arthur Lemkau and Carol Ann Lemkau 
 Barbara Cirkva Schumacher and John Schumacher 
 George Sweeney, Nancy Phelan, and Tom Woodbury 
 Henry Johnson, Charles Royce, Deborah Royce, and Susan Johnson 
 Mary Ball, Coleman Burke, and Anne Harrison 
 Mary Davidson and Marvin Davidson 
 Memrie Lewis, Kathie Moore, Eleanor Sullivan
 Maureen Chilton 
 Eleanor Sullivan, John Sullivan, Susan Burke, Coleman Burke, and Gregory Long 
Carla Hall and Mario Batali
Michael Barnett and Sarah Bolson
Carla Hall, Susi Cahn, Gregory Long, and Mario Batali
James and Annie Lansing
Emma Goergen, Todd Goergen, Andrea Greeven Douzet ,and Nina Edwards Anke
Dianne Renwick
Emma Goergen, Andrea Greeven Douzet, and Nathalie Kaplan
Edward and Nathalie Kaplan
Kimberly Putzer
Gregory Long and Bob Forrester
Stephanie and Rob Carosella
Jimmy Fallon Sr.
Sarah Jessica Parker
Jennifer and Trey Laird
 Ivanka Trump 
 Arden Wohl 
 Jason Schell and Tre Miller Rodriguez 
 B Michael, Ashley Bouder, and friend 
 Candice Bushnell 
 Mikhail Baryshnikov and Lisa Rinehart 
 Dorothee Wirth 
 Amy Fine Collins 
 Jean Shafiroff and Patricia Shiah 
 Martha Stewart 
 Marjorie Gubelmann and Chris Salgardo 
 Dana Auslander and Bibhu Mohapatra 
 Susan Gutfreund and Suzanne Murphy 
 Alexandra Lind Rose and Dana Auslander 
 Andy Cohen 
 Indre Rockefeller and James Reed Hague 
 Cindy Chao and Richard Chang 
 Peter Martins 
 Howard Milstein and Charlotte Moss 
 Elysia Dawn Ramasar and Amar Ramasar 
 Audrey Gruss and Carol Mack 
 Angela Dodson, Ursula Damani, and Amy Miller 
 Joseph Cruz and Meredith Lunceford 
 Dr. Susan Krysiewicz and Tori Kempner 
 Thom Browne and Jonathan Tisch 
 Cecil Flores, Chema Flores, Harrison Ball, and Louisa Wakefield 
 Darci Kistler, Gillian Attfield, Peter Wolff, and Marie Nugent Head 
 Cindy Chao, Jenny Laird, Trey Laird, and Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Ann Moore 
 The opening number ...
 Harold Prince, William Ivey Long, Howard Stringer, Angela Lansbury, and James Earl Jones 
 William Ivey Long and Angela Lansbury 
 Anthony and Lee Shaw, Angela Lansbury, and Louise and Edgar Lansbury 
 Joe Benincasa with Lynn and Bob Wankel 
 Robin Canter and Sally Susman 
 Daryl Roth and Nick Scandalios 
 Susan Fales Hill, LaTanya Richardson Jackson, and Corice Arman 
 Pia Lindström, Jim and Julie Dale, and Nick Daly 
 Judy and Larry Kudlow, Heather Higgins, and Peggy Siegal 
 Hal Prince and Ted Chapin 
 Anki Leeds, George Tsandikos, and Karen McDonald 
 Adrienne Arsht and William Ivey Long 
 Hal Prince, Heather A. Hitchens, Ted Hartley, Angela
            Lansbury, Marva Smalls, Charles Busch, and William Ivey Long 
 Glenn Close and  Christine Ebersole 
 Angela Lansbury and Len Cariou 
 Harvey Fierstein, Christine Ebersole, James Earl Jones,
            and Cecilia Hart 
 Angela Lansbury, Howard Stringer, and Dan Rather 
 James Earl Jones, Cecilia Hart, Heather A. Hitchens, and Felix Cisneros 
 Harvey Fierstein, Harold Prince, Howard Stringer, and William Ivey Long 
 Vishal Patel, Tom Rhoads, and G. Sterling Zinsmeyer 
 Angela Lansbury and Seth Sklar-Heyn 
 Tonya Lewis Lee and Marva Smalls 
 Dr. Tony Coles, Pauletta Washington, and Kenny Leon 
 Chappy and Melissa Morris 
 Connie Bregman, Sondra Gilman, and Sue Bloomberg 
 James Earl Jones, Glenn Close, and Cecilia Hart 
 Barbara Regna, Ted Hartley, and Libba Stribling 
 Charles Revson and CeCe Black 
 Monica Wambold, Alberto Mariaca, and Barbara Regna 
 LaTanya Richardson Jackson, Marva Hicks, and Lawrence Otis Graham 
 Robyn and Dr. Tony Coles, Marva Smalls, LaTanya Richardson Jackson, and Pauletta Washington 
 Nathan Johnson, Julia Levy, Heather A. Hitchens, and Laura Osnes 
 Angela Lansbury with the Gala Honorary Chairs, Benefit Chairs, and Performers 
The scene from above at The Society of Memorial Sloan Kettering’s 26th Annual Preview Party for the International Fine Art & Antiques Show. 
 Melanie Holland, Karen Klopp, Michael Boodro, Martha Glass, Clelia Peters, and Frederick Warburg Peters 
 Michael Boodro book signing 
 Jason Haber, David Hamilton, Melanie Holland, Michael Boodro, Barbara Friedmann, and Don Schmoll 
 Karen Glover and Libby Fitzgerald 
 Michael Boodro and Russell Groves 
 Frederick Warburg Peters, Betsy Morgan, and Jane Andrews 
 Miles Young, Ségolène Royal, and Bertrand Lortholary 
The Hermione
 Catherine Petree and Fernanda Capobianco 
 Dee Dee Eustace and Hillary Cooper 
 Sharon Bush and Carola Mack 
 Charlotte Sarkozy, Catherine Godbille, and Pascal Richard 
 Helen Appleby 
 Janna Bullock and Inga Kozel 
 Jonathan Farkas 
 Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser, Francis G. Dubois, and Miles Young 
 Somers Farkas 
 Tanya Rivero Warren, Fabiola Arias, Florence Peyrelongue, Jackie Weld Drake, Sabrina Wirth-Sokolik, Leticia Pittman Presutti, and Sarah Calderon 
 Ann Hale, Florence Peyrelongue, Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia, and Leticia Pittman Presutti 
 Ann Hale, Sarah Calderon, and Fabiola Arias 
 Sabrina Wirth-Sokolik and Christopher Trump 
 Christopher Trump-Retchin, Sabrina Wirth-Sokolik, and Florence Perylongue 
 Florence Peyrelongue, Christopher Trump, and Elizabeth Jacoby 
 Florence Peyrelongue and Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia 
 Florence Perylongue, Christopher Trump, and Jackie Weld Drake 
Around the table
 Lawrence Byrne, Pepper Hamilton LLP and John B. Osborn, PAL President 
 Mortimer B. Zuckerman, Honoree and Robert M. Morgenthau, PAL Chairman 
 Timothy Cardinal Dolan, Robert M. Morgenthau, PAL Chairman, and Fred Wilpon, Event Chair 
 Julia Minto, Renee Cuneo, Jami Landi, and Carmen Anderson 
 Chris Coffee, George Hess, Jamie Krauss Hess, Rob Burroughs, and Charles Brown 
 Committee: Stacey Shore, Janise Gray Horowitz, Jenny Oz, and Jamie Krauss Hess 

 Polo Player  
              Nic Rolden

 ELEW w/ Stacey Shore, Margaret Horowitz, and Jenny Oz LeRoy 
 Event Committee: Margaret Horowitz, Kevin Crawford, and Jamie Krauss Hess 

Equestrian  
              Kate Levy

 Carrie Sarabella and Michelle Grayson
            with a friend
 Erin Stewart
            and friends
 Kipton Cronkite, Nick Dello Joio, and Alex Hammer 
 Schuyler Riley and Nick Dello Joio 
 Cecilia Alemani and Jeff Koons at the 2014 High Line Art Dinner.
 Bing Grarrido and Michael Grarrido 
 Anne Keating and Robert Weimar 
 Craig Piper, Brian Heidtke, and Darlene Heidtke 
 Rich Germano, Martha Hiatt, John Dohlin, and Elizabeth Kaledin 
 Bertina Ceccarelli, Chris McKinsey, and Paula McKinsey 
 Doreen Wang, Deborah Burke, Colin can Lang, and Kelly Shultzz 
 James Snow, Sue Donahue, and James Deutsch 
 Garrett Walls, Linda Walls, Katie Dolan, and John Calvelli 
 Haeda Mihaltses, Michael Cantor, and Nicole Robinson 
 Audrey Cohen, Dahlia Capolongo, Neil Capolongo, and Pauline Capolongo 
 Milko Campasano and Lauren Graesle 
 Rich Cipriani, Cindy Cipriani, Erin Benham, and Rich Benham 
 Esther Drill, Paul Greenberg, John Donahue, and Sarah Schenck 
 Jay Newler, Jordana Newler, and Jessica Brown 
 Dr. Cristian Samper, Kathleen Glaymon, Adriana Casas, and David Glaymon 
 Luke Momo, Julia Sear, and Robin Edwards 
 John Thomas, Ashley Carabetta, and Jake Labelle 
 Ellen Calle and Dr. Paul Calle 
 Dianna Milojevic, Jeff Potter, Michelle Schrank, and Caesar Juarez 
 Judson Traphagan and Megan Traphagan 
 Barbara Pryor, Noah Chesnin, and Debbie Bank 
 Ranika Cohen and Shirin Christofferson 
 Keith Ellenbogen, Merry Canhi, and Sarah Werner 
 Phil Wood and Elizabeth Reed 
 Laura Stolenthauser, David Antonio, Richard Cencore, and ? 
 Joseph Mizrahi and Susan Masi 
 Scott Schiff, Dana Schiff, Mia Yamada, and Ken Yamada 
 Leslie Wanger, Peter Dolan, Garrett Walls, and Melinda Walls 
 ?, Chris Bernard, and Drew Schiff 
 Carolyn Hall, Jim Miller, Dana Miller, Ashley Baratta, and Jake Lebelle 
 Georga Sampas, Hanna Sampas, Karen Momo, and Mark Millstam 
 Ed Costa and Amanda Duff 
 Samantha Talbott, Celso Moreira, Renne Brown, and Mariah Levin 
 Burk Johnson, Charlie Smith, Rebecca Riegelhaupt, Scott Schmidt, and Tim Dolan 
 Charles McKinny, Susan Chin, Sue Chin, and Lee Ehmke 
 Celeste Boele and Ellen Turchyn 
Cocktails before dinner
 Rebecca Gradinger and Josh Sternoff 
 Doug Eisenberg, Marika Bender, and Neil Bender 
 Cindy Wagner and Tom Wagner 
 Amanda Burden 
 Tommy Hilfiger, Dee Hilfiger, Anne Marino, and Bernie Telsey 
 Cecilia Alemani and Ed Ruscha 
 Janelle Reiring and Louise Lawler 
 Donald Marron, Ed Ruscha, Nancy Seltzer, and Donna De Salvo 
 Ricardo Scofidio, Justine Koons, Donald Marron, and Jeff Koons 
 Rita Ackermann and Katherine Brinson 
 Lizzie Gorfaine and Adrian Villar Rojas 
 Carol Mack, Carrie Preston, Jenny Gersten, and Emily Bergl 
 Sara Peyton and Elizabeth Peyton 
 Joseph Logan and Douglas Friedman 
 Stacy Fisher Rosenthal and Jan Rock Zubrow 
 Dorothy Lichtenstein, Barbara Gladstone, and Allison Spellacy 
 Mike Starn and Anne Pasternak 
 Doug Eisenberg, Neil Bender, Marika Bender, and Robert Hammond 
 Doug Oliver and Sherry Brous 
 High Line staff 
 Bill O'Reilly and Ann Freedman 
 Maria Konnikova, Bill O'Reilly, Anita Durst, and Asher Edelman 
 Tina Storper, Tana Chung, and Tracy Stern 
 Adelaide Roset and Tristan Bultman 
 Mark Newhouse, David Storper, and Asher Edelman 
 Olga Shriki and Jamie Pabst 
 Nay Tan and Lesny JN Felix 
 Michelle Edelman and Elisabeth Wingate 
 Yung Hee Kim and David Storper 
Opening night at the New York Art, Antique & Jewelry Show at the Park Avenue Armory.
Blaise Labriola, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, Irwin Simon, and Daryl Simon 
Katharina Otto-Bernstein, Felicia Taylor, and Daryl Simon 
Somers and Jonathan Farkas 
Francine Leinhardt, Lauren Day Roberts, and Jody Wolf 
Michelle Herbert and Chele Chiavacci 
Sharon Bush and Robert Zimmerman 
Scott Diament, Jane Pontarelli, Leesa Rowland, and Nicole DiCocco
Milly de Cabrol and Peggy Noonan 
Eileen Judell, Paul Vandekar, and William Secord 
Michelle Rosenfeld
Judy Price, Peter Price, Ellie Cullman, and Edgar Cullman
Louisa Benton and Audrey Gruss
 Chiu-Ti Jansen
 Leesa Rowland and Larry Wohl
Marc Antonio Rota and Ivana Trump
June Schorr and Marlene Hess 
Carmen Barroso, Françoise Girard, and Marnie Pillsbury 
Judy Cormier, Paul Schorr, and June Schorr 
Eliza Earle, Caroline Cotter, Aliza Hoffman, Ellen Howe, and Hester Earle 
Susan Nitze, Leila Straus, and Jacqueline Mayfield 
Sarah Gold and Silvester Mwanza 
Kirtna Pai, Kelli Payne, and Ayo Roach 
Judy Cormier and Kati Marton 
Stephanie Reddish Hoffman, Emily Smith, and Maryann Kongovi 
Shireen Uttam, Fran Weissler, Dr. Holly Andersen, and Kate Gellert 
Annie Bakke Jensen and Ambassador Ib Petersen 
Sonya Banerjee, Amanda Hindlian, Gizelle George-Joseph, Koby Sadan, and Katherine Maxwell 
 Daniel Bursky, Helaine Shapiro, Amy Shapiro, Daniel Cappello, and Robert Shapiro 
 Alexandra Adame, Kick Kennedy, and Asha Talwar 
 Andrew Sessa 
 Charles Rockefeller, Darcy Fogg, Nathaniel Fogg, Abby Caulkins, and Daniel Cappello 
 Meg Connolly, Liz Nightingale, Joel Freyberg, and Angelica Lenox 
 Daniel Cappello
            and Esther Kremer
 Jackie Weld Drake and Hilary Geary Ross 
 Keith Scott and Ken Moore 
 Rick Beinecke, Gail Monaghan, and Daniel Cappello 
 Galen Foulois, Daniel Cappello, and Jeffrey Caldwell 
 Stephen Shackelford and Mattias Geise 
 Alexandre Assouline, Martine Assouline, Daniel Cappello, and Prosper Assouline 
 Alex Hitz 
 Sara Hart, Roland Nivelais, and Olivier Giugni 
 Tatiana Boncompagni and Raj Tolaran 
Kathy DiCocco, Nicole DiCocco, and Lou DiCocco.
Jane and Joe Pontarelli
Mariana Aguirre, Sirous Wadia, Mikala Guzzy, Edgar Vaudeville, and Bettina Bennett
Nicole Noonan and Steven Knobel
Jennifer and Christine Rizk
 Dustin Lujan and Victor de Souza
Jennifer Puleo, Dr. Kenneth Mark, and Kelly Wala
Thina Dimiao, Camille Reicherter, and Carrie Anne
Kathy DiCocco, Nicole DiCocco, and David Noto
Kristy Rao and Matt Sandy
DJ Alex Cecil
Consuelo Vanderbilt Costin
 The rooftop garden at the Waldorf Astoria where The Horticultural Society of New York's Circle of Friends hosted a private reception and tour.
Huguette Hersch, Barbara Pine, Rosalee Isaly, and Sharen Benenson with The Waldorf Astoria's Charlie Romano and Peter Betz 
The Waldorf Astoria's Executive Chef David Garcelon with The Hort's George Pisegna 
Andrea Fahnestock and Bonnie Johnson 
Alison Strong and Valerie Bruce 
George Pisegna, Lily O'Boyle, Mario Nievera, and Kamie Lightburn 
Sharon Casdin and Fred Steinberg 
Thomas  Kligerman,  Joel Barkley, and John Ike
Thomas Klingerman, Carolyn and Malcolm Wiener, and Stefanie Rinza 
Claire Ratliff with Joe and Sarah Depalo 
Jennie McCarhey, Peter Lang, and Kosala Kumara 
Clinton Smith, Tammy Connor, and John Danzer 
John Flower and Andrea Coulter 
John Danzer and Suzanne Stephens 
Grant Maran and Peter Aaron 
Diana and Mark Jacoby 
Bill Barry, Alison Spear, and Michael Bruno 
Newell Turner and Stacy McLaughlin 
Sarah Magness, Carl Sorenson, and Andrea Coulter 
Joel Barkley, Jacqueline Terrebonne, and Joshua Amores 
Gary Sargent and Michael Pashby 
Ariane Trimuschat, Gail Karr, and Meg Touborg 
 Champagne reception before the "tea"
"Tea" in the Grand Ballroom of the Waldorf Astoria Hotel
 Ernie Anastos 
 Gina Rizzo explains Stock the Shelves pledge cards 
 Karen Murray, Margaret Grioli, and Father Francis Gasparik 
 The Women of Valor with Fr. Francis and Joseph Sano 
 Lucy Carter, Maureen Henegan, Lisa Dimoulis, Doug Militzer,
            Karen Nape, and Jody Brown 
 Jeff Wells, Christen Portelli, Karla Iommetti, Paul Nouri,
            Josh Goldflam, and Larry Ross 
 Shelley Bloch, Mike Flanagan, and Gina Rizzo 
 Tommy O'Halloran, Colleen Moran, J Strong, and Al Festa 
 From Macys Tara Troy and Margaret Grioli with Joseph Sano 
 Amira De Castro, Brian Borget, Mitra Meshgin-Poosh, Simon
            Ward, Jody Brown, and Ernie Anastos 
 Andrea Catsimatidis Cox, Joseph Sano, and John Catsimatidis 
 Suzette Rhodes, Lisa Loop, and Anne Wood 
 Joanne Foulke and Ellen Canny Goldberg 
 Rikki Klieman and Joseph Sano 
 Jody Brown and Kathy Winkler 
 Ted Moudis and Jacqueline Barr 
 Rita Cosby, Rikki Klieman, Andrea Catsimatidis Cox,
            Commissioner Bill Bratton, John Catsimatidis, and Tomaczek Bednarek 
 Karen Murray table 
 Faith Hope Consolo table 
 Mt Carmel-Holy Rosary School Violin Ensemble of East Harlem 
 Dr. Laurie H. Glimcher, dean, Weill Cornell Medical College; Katie Couric, Dr. Herbert Pardes, Executive Vice Chair, Board of Trustees, NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital; Dr. Felice Schnoll-Sussman, Director of the Jay Monahan Center; Dr. Cam Patterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell; Dr. Steven J. Corwin, CEO of NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital 
 Heidi Horowitz, Richard Horowitz, Dr. Felice Schnoll-Sussman, Director of the Monahan Center; and Jill Libshutz 
 Dr. Steven J. Corwin and Dr. Felice Schnoll-Sussman
 Dr. Michael Lieberman, Director of Surgery at the Jay Monahan Center, Dr. Felice Schnoll-Sussman, and Fran Jacobs 
 Dr. Felice Schnoll-Sussman,  Katie Couric; Dr. Mark Pochapin, former Director of the Jay Monahan Center; Dr. Laura Forese, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell and President of the NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System, and Dr. Herbert Pardes
 Dr. Fabrizio Michaelassi, Surgeon-in-Chief at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell; Dr. Laura Forese, Dr. Michael Lieberman, and Katie Couric 
 Kevin Babington of Ireland guided the young mare Shorapur to the fastest fault-free jump-off time (39.16 seconds) to claim the $250,000 Hampton Classic Grand Prix, presented by Land Rover, in an exciting climax to the 39th Annual Hampton Classic.
Picolo and Darragh Kenny claimed the $40,000 Longines Cup, presented by the Crown Family
Under the VIP tent
 Jennifer Lopez and her children enjoy the action
 Gayle King, Frank Cooper, and Nina Cooper 
 Carol Washer and Cliff Washer 
 Stewart Lane, Virginia Comley, James Comley, and Bonnie Comley 
Jen Mahl, Michele Mahl, Nancy Xu, and Jason Hirsch
 Karen Goerl, Gayle King, and Nina Cooper 
 Hannah Balagh, James Lipton, and Kedaki Lipton 
 Maryann Epley and Mayor of Southampton Mark Epley 
 Kedaki Lipton, Stewart Lane, Bonnie Comley, Leah Lane,Victoria Benhamo, Judy Gilbert, and Rod Gilbert 
 Vanessa Price 
 Emma Quinan and Shirley May Hughes 
 Steven Gambrel and Whitney Fairchild 
 Neal Sroka, Debi Sroka, Barbara Campbell, and Bobby Campbell 
 Warren Gourin, Jeanine Gourin, and Howard Lorber 
 Rudy Giuiliani and Judy Giuiliani 
 Dennis Susskind, Gayle King, B.Smith, and Dan Gasby 
 Domingo Zapata and Brittany Christian 
 Stewart Lane, Alan Keeley, Carol Washer, and Cliff Washer 
 Marty Bauman 
 Patty Raynes, Nick Raynes, Matthew Raynes, and Lisa Kerkorian 
 Margo Nederlander and Felicia Taylor 
 Jean Shafiroff, Jana Bullock, Sheila Rosenblum, Jill Zarin, Beth Stern, and Trish Burke 
 George  and Sabrina Lewis 
 Nick Loeb 
 Equestiran Kama Godek and Meghan Breen 
The Classic also recognized the best designed tables in its famed VIP tents as selected by HC&G (Hamptons Cottages and Gardens magazine). Honored as winner was the table of Benhamo/Thomas, followed by those of English Country Antiques and the Crown Family. 
 Bonnie Pfeiffer Evans, Glenn Myles, Jennifer Myles, Barbara Duffy, and Joel Pashcow 
 James Cerretani, Adil Shamasdin, and Rameez Junaid 
 Glenn Myles, Kenny Loggins, David Koch, and Mike Milken 
 Luke Jensen 
 Karen  and Richard LeFrak 
 James Coleman and Cynthia Ott 
 Mei Sze Greene and Jeff Greene 
 Brian Reynolds, Pat Reynolds, Richard Merkin, Jennifer Myles, and Glenn Myles 
 Ramona Singer 
 Sally and Mark Ein 
 Sam Herzberg, Cassandra Herzberg, and David Herzberg 
 James Breese home 'The Orchard' now known as Whitefield 
The Music Room at  Whitefield
 Entrance Hall 
 Living Room 
 The Dining Room 
 The Library 
 The Music Room 
 Cocktails on the great lawn 
 Co-authors Gary Lawrance and Anne Surchin 
 Myra Weiser, Peter Hallock, and Barbara Sloan 
 Nick Maki 
 Maureen Callanan, Drew and Margaret Watson, and Jim Callanan 
 Rhonda Sherwood, Amy Fraser, and Dee Hickey 
 Kilkare from the beach.
 John, Elisha, Alexandra, and Margaret Thornton with Sheikh Shakhboot Bin Nahyan Al Nahyan 
 Margaret Thornton with Olivier Cheng waitstaff 
 Ava Safir photographing the waitstaff
 Ava Safir guarding the books
 Aaron Hsu and Sasha Cutter arrive
 John Eastman arrives
 Eleanora Kennedy, Jo Carole and Ronald Lauder, Judy Glickman, and Leonard Lauder 
 Bob Rifkind and Ginger Harris 
 Kathleen Doyle, Richard Ravitch, John Thornton, and Dorie Friend 
 Andrea, Sasha, Priscilla, and Chris Whittle 
 Jerry Della Femina, Judy Licht, and Michael Kennedy 
 Peggy Siegal, Jen Maguire, Lisa Schultz, and Anne Keating 
 Guests on the terrace 
 Marshall Rose and Candice Bergen 
 Ross Bleckner, Anna Safir, and Sima Ghadamian 
 Clifford Ross and Isabel Fonseca 
 Susan Meisalas and Ed Victor 
 Paul Austin, Charlotte Moss, and Carl Adams 
 Alex Powers, Fabiola and Gimena Loza, and JP Thierot 
 Amanda Hesser and Tad Friend 
 Peter, Leila, and Sarah Clifford 
 Greta Conway, Richard Conway, Margaret Thornton, Anna Funder, John Thornton, and Craig Allchin 
 Maria Estrany
            and Philippe Bigar 
 Richard and Lisa Perry 
 Carolyn Murphy, Lisa Perry, Tracy Anderson, and Maria Baum 
 Bethenny Frankel, Darcy Miller Nussbaum, Martha Stewart, and Thom Filicia 
 The Baum family 
 Ann Keating and Dr. John Sherman 
 Donna Karan and Leonard Lauder 
 Hilary Rhoda 
 William Lauder and Leonard Lauder 
 Lyor Cohen 
 Lisa Perry, Maria Baum, and Kinga Lampert 
 Simon Doonan and Jonathan Adler 
 Nicole Miller 
 Olivier Sarkozy and Mary-Kate Olsen 
 Jeff Greene and Former Governor David Paterson 
 Kristian Laliberte and Danielle Snyder 
 Lisa Pevaroff-Cohn and Gary Cohn 
 Richard Perry and Lisa Perry 
 Samantha Yanks and David Yanks 
 Gabby Karan De Felice and Donna Karan 
 Kristen McKillips, Jennifer Bruno, Jayne Jamison, and Ed Bisno 
 Sarah Sarpolis,Samantha Leder, Richie Notar, and Kara Council 
 Trent Fraser and Luke Tuddenham 
 Tracy Anderson 
 The Japan Society 
 Andrew Rasanen, Steve Deering, Liz, Ed Pereira, Kazu
            Udagawa, Beth Gilroy, and Yuka Nakamura 
 Robin Cofer, Kelly Rutherford, Ronnie Perl, Jen Bawden,
            Lauren Vernon, Alex Donner, and Nicole Dicocco 
 Yoko Hatao, Katsumi Hatao, Gary Moriwaki, and Yoko Makino 
 Gary Moriwaki, Yoko Makino, Liz Lyman, Dr Robin Ganzert,
            and Katsumi Hatao 
 Amanda Bowman, Dr Robin Ganzert, and Liz Lyman 
 Amanda Bowman, Dr Robin Ganzert, Kelly Rutherford, Liz
            Lyman, and Bill Davis 
 Mel  and Liz Lyman 
 Yuka Nakamura and Cindy Mihalova 
 Lee Cohen and Kelly Rutherford 
 Judy Audevard and Pat Coglianese 
 Shruti Adhard, Drew Altenburg, and Christine Puttinger 
 Kelly Rutherford, Francesca Biondo, Tomoko Haber, and Charles Biondo 
 Mahyar Eidgah and Shara Strand 
 Yuta Hashimoto and Yuka Nakamura 
 Nicole Dicocco, Harry Edelson, and Lauren Vernon 
 Lee Cohen and Frank Spano III 
 Amanda Bowman and Debra Leible 
 Janet Marlow and Alan Brennan 
 Ronnie Perl 
 Stacy Hoffman, chair of Long Island Women’s Philanthropy, with her husband Steven 
 Jeff Gould, Chelsea Gavin, and Suzanne Gould 
 Craig Johnson and Liz Kase, chairs, Summerfest 
 Amy and David Kates 
 Joyce and Philip Sharfstein with their children, Cori and Robby 
 David Sterling, chair, Long Island region with his wife, Mona 
 Scott and Amy Smith, Vera and Todd Richman 
 Gayle and Al Berg 
 Steve and Wendy Shenfeld, chairs of Summerfest, with Helaine and Fred Gould 
 Brooke, Kim, Alan, and Sarah Chartash 
 Leslie Fastenberg, Congressman Steve Israel, and Todd Richman 
 Michael Shenfeld and Ashley Talve 
 Alonna and Michael Ostaad 
 UJA-Federation's 24th Annual Summerfest 
 Susan Claster presents the Robert S. Boas Award to Todd Richman 
 Marty and Donna Joyce and Arlene and David Horowitz enjoy the concert 
 Dena Surks and Ron Kosinksi, chairs, Summerfest 
 The Perlman Music Program Class of 2014 
 Toby Perlman addresses the crowd 
 Itzhak Perlman and Catherine Cho perform with PMP Chorus 
 Julian Beck, Lyn Barlow, Ted Ayala, Elinor Heins, Ralph and Cornelia Heins, and Phil White 
 Toby Perlman and guests 
 Morgan Stark and Itzhak Perlman 
 Jim Blauvelt and Annette Cumming 
 Itzhak  and Toby Perlman 
 Rosalind Devon, Sandy Batkin, Judy Smith, and Donald Smith 
 Joe and Kirsten Almeida, John and Susan Domenico, and Michael Finn 
 Christine  and Ran Blank 
 Kevin O'Connor, Michele McAteer, and Barbara and Mike Murphy 
 Elijah Duckworth-Schachter and Mrs. Anthony Schlessinger 
 John and Hee-Jung Moon, Anne Detwiler and Arthur Zeckendorf, and Jerry and Adrianne Cohen 
 Susan Dusenberry, Tom Dakin, Sidney Stark, and Caitlyn Lynch 
 Jerry and Adrianne Cohen, Stanley and Gala Cohen, and Edith and Bob Hudson 
 Harriet Oster, Missy de Bellis, Barbara Hoffman, and friend
 Lois Coleman, Gilbert Bassin, Doreen Bassin, and Susan Kraus 
 Charles Salice, Icim, Emily, and Mark Miller, and Gina and David Devito 
 Marc d'Hubert, Phil White, Lindsay Byron Smith, and James Brockman 
 Keren Saks and Hannah Pakula 
 Hannah Pakula and Alan Alda 
 Toby Perlman, Alan Alda, and Arlene Alda 
 Katie Nojima, Shelley Gross Pyers, and Katherine DeConti 
 Missy de Bellis, Clotaire Rapaille, and Cynthia Friedman 
 Morgan Stark, Randall Hogan, and Yesim and Dusty Philip 
 Chris and Vicki Kellogg 
 John and Elizabeth Murray 
 Mei Sze and Jeff Greene 
 Karen Bevan, Deborah and Harry Winthrop, Mary Kozik, Anne Garnett, and Stuart Bevan 
 Co-chairs Eaddo Kiernan, Elizabeth McMillen, and Kim Darden 
 Susan and Ted Stautberg  with Wylene Commander 
 Edward Ankudavich and Rosemary Ponzo 
 Marie and Sukee Bennett  with Mira and Dorothy Cocozziello 
 Chris Conti, Melissa Rampone, and Janine and James Atamian 
 Edward and Alison Stautberg  with Carol and Scott Williams 
 Lucy Kiernan and Graham Carroll 
 David Little, Richard and Emily Leonard, Danna Day, John Dalsheim, and David Gutterman 
 Gary and Mary Garabedian  with Aram and Jane Garabedian 
 Tyler Stone, Olivia Newhouse, Nicholas Newhouse, and Ellen Perez 
 Emily, Anne and Abby Self with Cara Darden 
 Mikki Micarelli and Ron Slingerlang 
 Kate and Wendy Hamilton, Trina Santry, and Molly Hamilton 
 Sterling and Molly Whitehouse, Peter Kiernan, and Sandra Whitehouse 
 Lucy Kissel, Evan Altman, Ellen Perez, Nicholas Newhouse, Sienna Kissel, and Erik Bardin 
 Paolina Poe-Azcarraga, Latalla Coco, and Alison van de Berghe 
 Joseph and Diane Odoerfer  with Robert and Lilliane Chapman 
 Andy Constantine, Trudy Coxe, and Pamela Constantine
 Anne and Kate Hamilton 
 Cocktails and conversation ...
 Kelly Rutherford with Wendy Murphy, Patrice Lenowitz, and Anne Stevenson 
Christie Brinkley, Susan Shin, and Sonja Morgan 
 Nefertiti Strong, Nick Kleidon, Ellie Libby, Catherine Hart, and Jane Preiser 
 Anjollie Feradova and Gigi 
 Christie Brinkley, Samantha Yanks, Kelly Rutherford, and Rosanna Scotto 
 Joan Hornig, Christie Brinkley, Kelly Rutherford, George Hornig, and Patrice Lenowitz 
 Joan Hornig, Kasseem Dean Jr. Mashonda Tifrere, and Kelly Rutherford 
 Kelly Rutherford and Robert Zimmerman 
 Sonja Morgan, Christie Brinkley, and Mashonda Tifrere 
 Baruch Shemtov and Nick Kleidon 
 Christie Brinkley and her littlest fan 
 Alexandra Papanicolaou, Jessica Szramowski, Lisa Lori, April Le, Courtney Kass, Isabella Ramirez, and Janet Mick 
 Alisyn Camerota, Lisa Lori, and Robin Meltzer 
 Matthew Bauer and Charles Cousin 
 Elisa Dibisceglie 
 Amy Rosi 
 Elizabeth Meade and Alexa Kerepesi 
 Franchesca Gardenhire and Antonio Lopez 
 Isabelle Kellogg and Nina Basharova 
 Julian Lethbridge, Tess Lethbridge,Simon Chase, Anne Bass (Weantinoge Board Member), and Scott Rothkopf at Weantinoge Heritage Land Trust's 2014 Midsummer Party Benefit.
 Peter Vaughn and Anne Bass (Weantinoge Board Member) 
 Peter Vaughn and Kirsten Peckerman (Weantinoge Board Member) 
 Christine Flynn (Weantinoge Board Member) and Paul Segal 
 Natalie Millstein, Jim Millstein (Weantinoge Board Member), Julian Lethbridge, Morris Adjmi, and Rick Childs 
 Dixie and David Deluca 
 John Murphy, Linda Allard (Weantinoge Board Member), and Dr. Thomas Kelly (Head of School, Horace Mann) 
 Morris Adjmi and Lisa Mahar (Weantinoge Board Member) 
 David Whitman, Peter Stiglin, and Chris Bruzzi 
 Hiram Williams and Paul Elconin 
 Heather Payne, Peter Vaughn, Christine Armstrong, Ben Nickoll (Weantinoge Board Member), and Todd Payne 
 Andre Moura and Sophia Moura 
 John Funt (Weantinoge Board Member) and Dr. Richard Childs 
 Jane Klein and Robert Couturier 
 Jeffrey Morgan, Robert Couturier, and Hiram Williams (Weantinoge President) 
 Linda Allard (Weantinoge Board Member) and Joanne Torti 
 Catherine Rawson (Weantinoge Executive Director), Paul Segal, and Donald Heald 
 Ken Davidson, BCMF Chairman 
 Marya Martin, BCMF Artistic Director 
 Marya Martin 
 Tsien-Hsin Cindy Wu, Joyce Yang, Carter Brey, and Beth Guterman Chu 
 Amy Schwartz Moretti and Carter Brey 
 Connie Steensma, James Marcus, Ellen Marcus, and Gilles DeVoe 
 Edward Bleier, Sandra Meyer, and Edward Meyer 
 Irving Shafran, David Silfen, Stephen Heyman, and Michael Charles 
 Jarvis and Coke Anne Wilcox 
 Karen Levy, Maureen Bertuch, Michael Bertuch, and Paul Levy 
 Patrick Conroy and Claudia Davidson 
Debbie Wilpon, Jamie Mitchell, Ramy Sharp, Jennifer Gardner Trulson, and Harriet Croman
Debbie Wilpon, Jennifer Gardner Trulson, Ramy Sharp, Jamie Mitchell, and Harriet Croman
Jennifer Rubin
Tricia Pantzer and Allison Berg
Melissa Meyers and Samantha Ettus
Mindy Richenstein
Shopping at UJA-Federation's Hamptons Trunk Show
 Susan Graham 
 The Pink Flamingos 
 Susan Graham 
 Sandy Maxwell and Sam Donaldson 
 Carey Ramos and Coco Bentley 
 Tenor Zach Borichevsky and soprano Corinne Winters 
 Soprano Amanda and Robert Meya 
 Bass James Morris 
 David and Miranda Lind 
Dawn and Neil Shicoff
 Marcelo Gomes and Adam Franklin 
 Irwin Sugarman and Cindy Aloi          
 Joanna and Peter Townsend 
 Kristina Flanagan 
 Soprano Daniela Mack and tenor Alek Shrader          
            Mary Shae and Michael Namingha          
 Mary Beth and David Kenny          
 Shana and Clemens Gunn          
 Baritone Zachary Nelson and Director Michael Gieleta          
Blossom Yu
Ronald C. Lieberman, Executive Vice President,  Management & Development, The Trump Organization;  Francis Pierrel CEO & President of LACOSTE North America; Nortee Panpinyo; David Moore, Board Chair, City Parks Foundation; Cristie Kerr, LPGA pro and former US Open champion; Blossom Yu, City Parks Foundation Junior Golfer; Alison Tocci, President, City Parks Foundation; Mike Silverman, Director of Sports, City Parks Foundation
Ronald C. Lieberman, Executive Vice President, Management & Development, The Trump Organization; Mike Silverman, Director of Sports, City Parks Foundation; Alison Tocci, President, City Parks Foundation; David Moore, Board Chair, City Parks Foundation; Blossom Yu, City Parks Foundation Junior Golfer; Cristie Kerr, LPGA pro and former US Open champion; Nortee Panpinyo, City Parks Foundation Junior Golfer and Scholarship recipient; Francis Pierrel, CEO & President of LACOSTE North America
David Moore, Board Chair, City Parks Foundation; Mike Silverman, Director of Sports, City Parks Foundation; Ronald C. Lieberman, Executive Vice President, Management & Development, The Trump Organization; Nortee Panpinyo, City Parks Foundation Junior Golfer and Scholarship recipient ; Cristie Kerr, LPGA pro and former US Open champion; Alison Tocci, President, City Parks Foundation; Mitchell Silver, NYC Parks Commissioner
Under the tent at East Hampton Library's 10th Annual Authors Night.
Author Richard Ravitch makes it official
 Nelson DeMille, Sandy DeMille, Kate Hartson, Senator Rand Paul, Kelley Paul 
 Senator Rand Paul, Kelley Paul, Nelson DeMille, Bill O'Reilly 
 Martha Rogers, Dick Cavett, Dennis Fabiszak 
 Mary Emmerling, Patti Kenner, Victoria Wilson 
 Aerin Lauder (Beauty At Home) 
 Libby Pataki, Allison Pataki, and Gov. George Pataki 
 Mac Griswold (The Manor)
 Yvetter Corporon (When the Cypress Whispers) 
 Alice Harris (Blow Me A Kiss) 
 Debra Halpert and John Migotsky 
 John Searles (Help For The Haunted) 
 Ina Caro, Robert Caro, Sheila Rogers, Dennis Fabiszak 
 Greg Therriault, Joe Pintauro 
 Frank Cassata and Kevin Calica (Strength & Simplicity) 
 Kim Stolz (Unfriending My Ex) 
Author Nelson DeMille with Library Director Dennis Fabiszak
Dennis Fabiszak with Alec and Hilaria Baldwin and East Hampton Library
            Board Chairman Tom Twomey
 Andrea Robinson (Toss the Gloss) 
Author Talia Carner
 Allison Pataki 
 Barbara Goldsmith (Founding Co-Chair) 
 Bill O'Reilly, Kelley Paul, and Senator Rand Paul 
 Waiting in line to get their books signed ...
 Dick Cavett having some fun with his book 
 Eric Asimov and Florence Fabricant 
 Giada De Laurentiis 
 Hilaria Baldwin Alec Baldwin, Gabriel Mallquist, and Charlie Bennet 
 James McBride signing his book The Good Lord Bird 
Author Mary Emmerling (The American Flag) with author Jennifer Esposito (Jennifer's Way)
 Kevin Fitzpatrick (Under the Table) 
Authors Holly Peterson and Chris Pavone
 Lee Grant 
 Lynn Sherr (Sally Ride) 
 Martha Rogers 
 Michael Paraskevas 
 Robert Caro ready to sign some books 
 Sen. Rand Paul chatting with Alexandra Howard and Richard Johnson 
Author Joe Pintauro with Tovah Feldshuh
 Getting the shot.... 
 Booklovers with their score 
 Children's Health Fund Moblie Unit 
 The Jaguar F-Type convertible
 
 Andrea Greeven, Valentina Kova, and Daniela Zahradnikova 
 Valerie and Graziano de Boni          
 Christopher Fischer and Lisa Metselaar 
 Senator Chuck Schumer 
 Kate Conrad, Kevin Taylor, and Tatjana Richardson 
 
 Paul De Leon, Emily Smith, Gigi Stone Woods, and Ian Woods 
 Lindsey and Allison Metselaar 
 The participating chefs of A Hamptons Happening 
 Maria Fishel, Kenneth Fishel, Melissa Fishel, and Bradley Fishel 
 Ally Shapiro and Marion Waxman 
 Christine Arlotta, Chris Wragge, and Mario Pecoraro 
 David Lavipour, Rachel Lavipour, and Marcia Lavipour 
 Dr. Samuel Waxman, Christine Silverstein, and Jordan Silverstein 
 Laurie Schaffran, Chris Wragge, Dr. Samuel Waxman, and Marion Waxman 
 Lisa Simonsen and James Simonsen 
 Lucia Hwong Gordon 
 Maria Fishel, Betsey Johnson, and Kenneth Fishel 
 Marion Waxman, David Burke, and Dr. Samuel Waxman 
 Michael Trokel, Pamela Morgan, Maria Elena Christiansen, and Amelia Doggwiler 
 Ruth Finley 
 Wally Zeins, Alison Quartarolo, Barbara Rapstein, and Steven Rapstein 
 Paul Winter on saxophone, Philippe Petit on high wire at LongHouse Reserve 
 Reese Chappellet and Molly Chapellet 
 Peter Olsen, Kathy O'Donnell, Philippe Petit, Dianne B, Matko Tomicic 
 Dorothy Lichtenstein and Anthony Haden-Guest 
 Leslie Buckner, Troy Buckner, and Bonnie Buckner 
 Linda Brandi, Mary Jane Brock, and Leola MacDonald 
The scene at  Kidsfest Hamptons to benefit Free Arts NYC.
Angus  and Tara McCollum and family
Cristina  and Chris Cuomo
Kelly Rutherford and family
Andy Avini, Cy Avini, and Sabine Avini
Campion Platt and family
Hillary Thomas and daughter
The Kovar Family
Ku-Ling Yurman and Liz Hopfan
Wendy Pherwim and family
Michelle Hellman Cohen, Jackson Cohen, and Adam Cohen
Elizabeth Robinson, Lynn Roberts, and Lee Desner
Elizabeth Rudin, Tian Wu, Caroline McNeal, and Seema Sangani
Julian Blitz, Justin Blitz, and Jordana Blitz
Patty Monpago, Tiffany Wagner, and Amber Jarassri
 Christina de Forest Keys, Shabnam Henry, Amy Griffin, Zibby Right, and Juliet de Baubigny 
 John  and Amy Griffin 
 Bonnie Pfeifer Evans and Gina Bradley 
 Cory Laverack, Tish Tregallas, and Christina deForest Keys 
 Deb Landis and Iris Dankner 
 Dr. Elisa Port, Dr. Michael Brodman, Amy Griffin, Dr. Christina Weltz, and Dr. Jeffrey Mechanick 
 Dr. Elisa Port, Stacie Kiratsous, Gabrielle Cornick, and Deb Landis 
 Lise Evans and Erica Karsch 
 Michael  and Cheryl Minikes 
 Patti Ferrin, Shabnam Henry, and Juliet de Baubigny 
 Wayne Froud and Alexandra Yperifanos 
Fiona Rudin and Agatha Herrero
Janet Wallach, Thea Goodman, Lorna Goodman, and Christina Macdonald
Liz Lange, Fiona Rudin, and Kate Peck
Emilie Pizenberg, Pauline Eveillard, Jennifer Wright, and Carson Sieving
Judith Giuliani, Susan Dunlevy, and Fiona Rudin
Elizabeth Reid, Pauline Eveillard, Jennifer Wright, Nathalie Kaplan, and Fiona Rudin
Chuck and Ellen Scarborough
Jamee and Peter Gregory
Dawne Marie Grannum, Wendy Neuss, and Dr. Penny Grant
Emily Levin, Jean Shafiroff, and Julie Ratner 
Billy Helms and Vera Moore
 Under the tent for  the Southampton Hospital's 56th Annual Summer Party.
 Some of the artist-designed surfboards
 Emcee Chuck Scarborough
Guests danced to the music of the Alex Donner Orchestra
 Jim Freeman and Laura Lofaro Freeman 
 Jeff Kronemeyer, Elyn Kronemeyer, Laura Lofaro Freeman, Gregory D'Elia, Alessandra Hubbell, and Dr. John Hubbell 
 Cognac Wellerlane 
 Kathleen Santiago, William Santiago, Marilyn Collins, Debra Maile, and Steve Maile 
 Bob Chaloner, Senator Ken LaValle, NY State Assemblyman Fred Thiele, and Dr. Kenneth Kaushansky 
 Robert Lee, Sharri Kane, Amy Kane, and George Kane 
 Allison Morrow and Jon Cohen 
 Stewart Lane, Bonnie Comley, Katlean de Monchy, and David Post 
 Nancy Simpson 
 Mary Bryant McCourt, Michael Dixon, and Johanna Klausen 
 Caroline Lieberman, R. Couri Hay, and Cornelia Sharp Bregman 
 Ladd Willis, Haley Willis, and Cindy Willis 
 Eileen Bie, Gary Bie, Jessica Bie, and Alexandra Bie 
 George Wambold, John Wambold, Melanie Wambold, and John Wambold 
 Jamee and Peter Gregory 
 Ben Kirsten Galef 
 John Wambold, Jackie Shafiroff, Ben Galef, and George Wambold 
 Debbie and Neal Sroka 
 Dottie Herman 
 Claudia Avendano, Sundar Subramaniam, and Evelyn Gutierrez Subramaniam 
 Liliana Cavendish and Janna Bullock 
 Lucia Hwong Gordon, Helen Marx, Jacques Leviant, and Olga Knyazeva 
 Pierce Cassidy, Liliana Cavendish, and Edward Cavendish 
 Margo MacNabb Nederlander and Somers Farkas 
 Maxwell Losgar, Wesley Nault, Steven Stolman, and Rich Wilkie 
 Andrea Warshaw-Wernick, Jennifer Miller, Randi Schatz, Kathy Reilly, and Suzan Kremer 
 Bill Cunningham and Jamee Gregory 
 Katie Lauzonis, Nicole Mancini, Lauren Buccellati, and Candelyn DuBois 
 Cheri Kaufman and Bill Sclight 
 Myra Weiser, Dr. Frank Weiser, Zita Davisson, and Gary Lawrance 
 Susan Wagner 
 Teal Marx 
 Richard Farley, Chele Chiavacci, Anne-Marie Belli, and Joseph Fichera 
 Cristian Lopez-Balboa, Olivia Lopez-Balboa, and Frank Lopez-Balboa 
 Dean Bakes and Cynthia Maltese 
 Patrizia and Dr. Steve Salvatore 
 Brad Grossman, Nikki Grossman, Danielle Morris, and James Carney 
 Gabriella Ruiz, Ray Ruiz, Isabella Ruiz, and Dan Flynn 
 Donald Louchheim and Pingree Louchheim 
 Alex Donner 
 Samantha and David Yanks 
 Gary Bie, Eileen Bie, Cristal Schultheis, and Chris Schultheis 
 Paola and Arnie Rosenshein 
 Lisa Arnold and Mary Unsworth 
 John and Margo Catsimatidis, Donna Richard Soloway 
 John Wambold, Daniela Kronemeyer, Olivia Kronemeyer, Elliot Pierce, Aurianna Lajaunie, and George Wambold 
 Cornelia Sharp Bregman and Hilary Geary Ross 
 Jerry Kremer, Susan Kremer, Glen Myles, Jennifer Myles, Jennifer Miller, Seth Miller, Andrea Warshaw-Wernick, and Joel Wernick 
 Atmosphere 
 Anne Hearst McInerney and Jay McInerney 
 Liliana Cavendish, Anne Hearst McInerney, Richard Johnson, and Peggy Siegal 
 Marlene Sexton, Anne Hearst McInerney, Mark Locks, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, Chele Chiavacci, and Liliana Cavendish 
 Palmer Taipale, Nicole Miller, Debbie Bancroft, Charles  Atkins, and Michelle Paige 
 Anne Hearst McInerney, Shala Rothenberg, Lauren Miller-Rogen, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, and Robin Meltzer 
 Curtis Yves, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, and Jim Calderone 
 Jay McInerney, Anne Hearst McInerney, Roger Waters, Nicole Miller, and Palmer Taipale 
 Nole Patton, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, Loraine Boyle, and Lizzy McManus 
 Sharon Bush, Jean Shafiroff, Cornelia Sharpe, Lucia Hwong Gordon, Katharina Otto-Bernstein, and Liliana Cavendish 
 Sessa von Richthofen and Alessa Johnson 
 Yaz Hernandez, Nicole Sexton, Alexandra Lebenthal, and Robin Meltzer 
 Pandora Duke Biddle and Cornelia Bregman 
 Francine LeFrak, Mark Locks, Louise Kornfeld, and Stephen Kornfeld 
 Kiane von Mueffling and Charlie von Mueffling 
 Jim Calderone, Curtis Yves, and Jim Caradine 
 Sessa von Richthofen, Alessa, and Richard Johnson 
 Eve Combs, Dianne Vavra, LuAnn de Lesseps, and Elizabeth Taylor 
 Angela Geiger, Lynn Carey, Kate Meyer, Debbie Lester, Kate Levy, Lizzy McManus, and Marybeth Lantzy 
 Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, Yves Hentic, and Pandora Duke Biddle 
 Karyn Kornfeld, Chris Segal, and Karen Segal 
 Varinka Obolensky, Gregory D'Elia, and Lizzy Obolensky 
 Andrew Dornenburg, Karen Page, Commissioner Bill Bratton, and Rikki Klieman 
 Christopher Mason and Debbie Cox 
 Robert Wilson, Inga Maren Otto, and Nico Krull 
 Blaise Labriola, Angela Geiger, Nathan Bernstein, and Bonnie Pfeifer Evans 
 Lisa Millman, Jaquline Ytuarte, and Tracey Copeland 
 Steven Kobre, Karyn Kornfeld, Louise Kornfeld, and Stephen Kornfeld 
 Cynthia Maltese and Kristen Maltese Krusen 
 Berna Huebner, Lee Huebner, Chele Chiavacci, and Richard Farley 
 Marc Lawrence and Ubah Hassan 
 Robert Wilson and performers
            on stage at  "One Thousand Nights and One Night," The 21st Annual Watermill Center Summer Benefit.
 Jack Lenor Larsen and Robert Wilson 
 Annelise Peterson and Valerie Boster 
 Graysha Assoun 
 Janet Lewis and James Goldschmidt 
 Fern Mallis 
 Sheikha Paula Al-Sabah 
 Jeffrey Slonim, Liliana Cavendish, and Hunt Slonem 
 Jamee Gregory 
 Vivienne Tam 
 Ariel Foxman and Lisa Perry 
 Carol Mack 
 Tina Marie Birch and Robert Wilson          
 Tracy Stern, Indira Cesarine, Phillip Bloch, Stacey Engman, Katlean de Monchy, and Lucia Hwong Gordon 
 Jean Shafiroff and Ike Ude 
 Anne Hearst McInerney and Jay McInerney 
 Dorothy Lichtenstein 
 Sam McKinniss, Derrick Adams, and Michael Chuapoco 
 Kimberly Guilfoyle 
 Tatiana Platt and Campion Platt 
 Lindsay Adelman, Ian Adelman, Nigel Cox, Bennett Bistline, Poonam Khanna, Chardean Chum, David Snow, and Miok Snow 
 Alina Morini and Ella Kuznetsova 
 Henry Buhl and Gang 
 Rick Hilton and Kathy Hilton 
 Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia, Anne Hearst McInerney, and Jay McInerney 
 Eric Shiner, Claudio Conti, and Bob Colacello 
 Bettina Zilkha 
 Anna Watkin, Tatiana Ojjeh, Zoe Bullock, Janna Bullock, Eugenia Bullock, Max Fadebe, and Shelley Lewis 
 Di Mondo, Yung Hee Kim, Eric Javits, Vivienne Tam, Susan Shin, and Austin Scarlett 
 Nicole Miller and Kim Taipale 
 Samuel Deutch, Yung Hee Kim, Patrick McMullan, and Daniela Groza 
 Joelle Beli 
 Fabienne Tarrant, Connie Tarrant, and Paulina Tarrant 
 Dmitry Komis, Zaldy, Alexis Dahan, Nir Hod, and Yigal Azrouël 
 Sam Mowert, Abdi Karya, Abdulla Awadi, Eric Parnes, Illang Andilolo, and Peter Zasada 
 Elena Soboleva and Susi Kenna 
 Philip Glass 
 Leila Heller 
 Jim Jarmusch and Isabelle Huppert 
 Christopher Mason and Katharina Otto Bernstein 
 Isabelle Huppert, Robert Wilson, and Inga Maren Otto 
 Sheikha Paula Al-Sabah and Leila Heller 
 Carey, Graham, Meredith & Jane Winfrey 
 Meredith & Graham Winfrey 
 Atmosphere 
 Joe Zaso, Michael Kaye, and Dean Cronin 
 Donald & Barbara Tober 
 Adrian Jess, Fernanda Gilligan, Ryan Ouvaoff, Eliza Glaister, and James Lowther 
 Michael & Barbara Gross 
 Molly Schaefer, Bill Hamilton, Brandi & Melvin Rivera 
 Chris Mann 
 Zoe Bontecou, Leslie Heaney, Pav Volkert, and Lara Glaister 
 Bill Hamilton, Peter Kross, and Eddy and Selina van der Geest 
 Shelby Oken and Janine McAllister 
A scene from the Collector Car Parade 
 Former Olympian, Bruce Davison 
 Beth Chaves on Tully 
 Ashley Adams on Lup the Loop 
 Boyd Martin, riding Gloria and Craig Callen's Welcome  Shadow, winner of the Preliminary Horse Division 
 Gloria and Craig Callen's Welcome Shadow, ridden by Boyd Martin, Nancy Nenze, Darren Henault, social chairmen, and Fernanda Kellogg 
 Fernanda Kellogg, Tony of Champagne Paul Goerg, Nancy and David Hathaway, this year's honorees 
 David and Nancy Hathaway, Fernanda Kellogg, and Kirk Henckels 
 Millbrook Hunt Hounds with Honorees 
 Greg Martin, Hunt Eldridge, Perrin Martin, and Molly Jackson 
 Kevin Smith and Sheelagh Tellerday 
 Nancy Henze 
 Jane, Peter & Gigi Pennoyer 
 Dustin Pitts, Miles White, and Adam Klopp 
 Anne Zevmer demonstrates DuBarry of Ireland  waterproof boots 
 Florence Peyrelongue and Elizabeth Mandy 
 Darren Henault and his mother, Joan 
 Roberto Rivas measures Darren Henault for boots at LaMondial Custom Boots 
 Olivia Milliken, Avery Toland, Miss Ganz, Chelsea Morrison, Samantha Pebley, Jennifer Cuminale, and Lindsay Caspi 
 Karen Klopp 
 Alexandra Kasmin, Jay McLaughlin, and Colleen Howland 
 Piers Lloyd Owen 
 Clare Glover and Katie Tozer 
 Anne and Farnham Collins 
 Millbrook Pony Club 
 Sarah von Maltzahn and Pam Doyle 
 Jay McLaughlin and Nicole Cunningham 
 Clair and Chris Mann 
 Shelby, Paige, and Jenn Oken 
 The Madd Hatter herself, Diana Niles King 
 Sarah von Maltzahn and her daughters 
 One of 50 shops in the Fitch's Market 
 Vallerino Saltonstall shoes 
 Connor Thomes in Fairchild Baldwin shop 
 Patricia's Presents shop 
 Seven Barrels Vinegars 
The Super Saturday scene.
 Kelly Ripa 
 Nina Cooper and Gayle King 
 Hilaria and Alec Baldwin 
 Lois Robbins 
 June Ambrose and Nanette Lepore 
 Lisa Rinna 
 Star Jones 
 Debbie Bancroft 
 Lindsay Cooper and Jill Martin 
 Pamela Usdan 
 Gayle King 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Eve Combs, Dianne Vavra, Michael Combs, and Tom Combs 
 Vita Sidorkina 
 Leonardo DiCaprio, Julian Lennon and Bono 
 Bono and Julian Lennon 
 Robin Thicke 
 Milutin Gatsby and Leonardo DiCaprio 
 Leonardo Dicaprio and guest 
 Katharina Damm 
 Julian Lennon and Leonardo DiCaprio 
 Leonardo DiCaprio, Jared Leto and Shannon Leto 
 Leonardo Dicaprio and Bono 
 Victoria and Tommy Baker arriving with friends on Lady Victoria 
 A huge fluffy white event tent welcomed the 650 guests 
 IYRS Chairman Joseph T. Dockery 
 IYRS President Terry Nathan Welcomes a Record Crowd to the Schools Annual Summer Gala 
 Under the tent for the IYRS Gala dinner 
 Sotheby's Auctioneer Hugh Hildesley leading the Live Auction 
 Pam Rorke Levy 
 Matt Brooks 
 Susan Swigor and Ron O'Hanley 
 Bob Eichler, Greg Oram, and Martha and Ralph Marrinson 
 Cherry Garrido, Sophie Fair, Mary Gillette and John Mecray 
 Donna Montgomery and Jeffrey Kelly 
 Gala guests embrace festive yacht attire Photo by Mary Hanley 
 Glenn and Linda Fuller 
 Greg Oram Loriana De Crescenzo Director of Philanthropy for IYRS and Bob Eichler 
 IYRS Vice President Clark Poston and IYRS supporter 
 Joseph T. Dockery, IYRS Chairman, and NYYC member Lauretta Bruno 
 Rick Bready IYRS Trustee and Betty Easton flanked by festive Gala guests 
 Sally Atlass and Martha Marrinson 
 Terry and Michael Lanza 
 Tommy Baker
 Vice Chairman of IYRS Chuck Townsend with wife Jill and Buck and Linda Margold 
 Brenda and Jay Wislon and friends showing their Texan flair 
 Donna Montgomery and friends cheer IYRS 
 Southampton Historical Museum Rogers Mansion 
Steven Krawciw
 The silent auction table
 Rachelle Oatman and Gina Arresta 
 Jim O'Connor, Joseph Metz, and Ravi Tripptrap 
 Elliot Epstein and Richard Mortimer 
 Antonio Sacconaghi and Daniel Gullo 
 Irene Aldridge, Steven Krawciw, and their son Henry 
 Amy Kane, George Kane, and Judy Gilbert 
 Joseph Metz and Elissa Metz 
 Enrique Lopez-Balboa, Nancy Lopez-Balboa, and Lucy Puig 
 Raven Solomon and John Wegorzewski 
 Yolanda Fabicka, Leona Nieminski, John Vanduser, and Larissa Vanduser 
 Asia Dyrkacz and Phillip Kassover 
 Elizabeth Hagins and Richard Mortimer 
 Marion Garfield and Penny Lieberman 
 Catherine Townsend 
 Edward Callaghan, Amy Kane, and George Kane 
Mandolins, guitars, accordions and more give Poor Old Shine their unique sound
Max Shakun joins the audience
Co-Chair Annie Teillon and her husband Geoff
Event Co-Chairs Louise Sumner, Meghann Kelly, Lisa King, and Annie Teillon 
 Poor Old Shine on the Jay Veranda: Harrison Goodale, Antonio Alcorn, Chris Freeman, Max Shakun, and Erik Hischmann
 Tracy Curran, Emma Hanratty, and Sarah Wells
JHC Board members Bob Garry and Jim Kelsey with friends and family
 Caroline Wallach and Caitlin Lyang
 Toby King with  Megan and Jay Wardle
Jennifer Passaretti, Patrick and Nicole Van Maanen, Brett and Lindsay Condron, and friends
Kristen Kevorkian, Haik Kevorkian, Rick Pinkham, Oliver Smith, Sarah Smith, and Kim Pinkham
Suzanne Clary and Lisa King
Suzanne Clary  with David Vecsey and his wife Joelle
 Poor Old Shine's Antonio Alcorn and his family
Dancing to Ophelia at the end of the night
Dancing on the grounds of the LongHouse Reserve at  its WHITE HOT + Blue 2 summer benefit.
 Vicente Wolf, Maria Pucci, Michael Pucci, Nicole Pucci, Ralph Pucci, Ann Pucci, Will Reeves, and Matthew Yee 
 Kevin Brine, Jessica Smith, Michael Camerini, Joanna Smith, Dr. Vincent Covello, Carol Mandel, Kevin Shenoy, and Shari Robertson 
 Graylen Gatewood, Geige Silver, Celina Rothwell, Taylor Van Deusen, Sarah Duke, Issy Cassou, Liz Marchisella, and Barbara Imperiale 

John Wadell, Dorothy Lichtenstein, Jamie Bennett, Agnes Gund, and John Hall

 Lys Marigold and Dianne B 
 Paul Aizaga and Theresa Catena 
 Patti Tang, Jim Chang, Anla Chang Kingdon, Susan Kessler, Leslie Addington, Ed Hyman, Caroline Hyman, and Mark Kingdon 
 Ed Hyman, Caroline Hyman, Mark Kingdon, Susan Kessler, and Anla Chang Kingdon 
 Marianna Levine, Harper Levine, and Sarah Levine 
 Shelly Scoggin and Sue Kreiling 
 Steve Gould, Bonnie Grice, Steve Miller, and Durell Godfrey 
 Jane Gropp and Louis Oliver Gropp 
 Mark Levine, Judy Bennett, Alan Bennett, and Paige Bennett 
 Tanya Willock and Genevieve Willock 
 Lily Koppel and Gretchen Comly 
 Tom Folsom and Ross Watts 
 Nada Barry, Natasha Sigmund, Richard Sigmund, and Citizen Sigmund 
 Katie Baldwin and Michael Halsband 
 Eric Firestone and Angie Firestone 
 Laurie Anderson, Cindy Sherman, and Kim Cattrall 


Robert Wilson and Maren Otto


 Fred Wilson, Agnes Gund, and Arne Glimcher 
Pre-dinner under the tent
 Georgina Bloomberg, Michael Bloomberg, and Jean Shafiroff 
 Dawne Marie Grannum and Rosemary Ponzo 
 Cliff Knight and Martin Shafiroff 
 Marti Muller and Manda Muller 
 Steve  and Cathy Greenfield 
 Merrill Debbs and Robert Debbs 
 Beth Stern 
 Amy Cosman and Nancy Jane Lowey 
 Georgina Bloomberg and Michael Bloomberg 
 Joseph Traina and Dorian Traina 
 Phillip Cassover, Steph Paynes, Sharon Kerr, Greg D'Elia, and Melanie Wambald 
 Katlean de Monchy 
 Marcia Schaffer and George McNeely 
 Cita Davisson and Gary Lawrence 
2014 Hampton Designer Showhouse
The showhouse grounds
 Elle Klymer and Stephanie Woodmansee 
 Greg McKenzie 
 Sean Bruns 
 Lucielle Khornak and Michael Williams 
 Denise Hayden and Lauryle Guse 
 Kate Singer 
 Phoebe Howard 
 Jill Esterman and Patrik Lonn 
 JP Rinfret, Diane Carter, Denise Rinfret, Paul Rinfret, Missy Minicucci, and Alex Minicucci 
 Melanie Roy 
 Gail Tarasoff-Sutton and Karyn Tarasoff 
 Ron Senkirk and Kerry Delrose 
 Mark Epstein, Sherry Mandel, and Robert Zimmerman 
 Brett Williams and Caleb Anderson 
 Duane Hampton and Alexa Hampton 
 Jim Carr, Amy Churgin, Tyler Thompson, and Joseph Cabalquinto 
 Nancy Galasso and Diane Karmen 
 Kate Singer and Scott Prentiss 
 Mark Greenley, Mark Dumoulin, and Michael Miille 
 Jennifer Mabley and Austin Handler 
 Todd Merrill, Melanie Roy, and Scott Currie 
 Ann Maine and Mario Buatta 
 Othon Prounis, Kathy Prounis, Marcia Dunn, and Alberta Villalobos 
 Wilbur Ross and Hilary Geary Ross 
 Elsa Soyars, Barbara Dixon, and Laura Opdenaker 
The sun sets  on Beechnut Hill Farm for Acria's Cocktails at Sunset.
 David and Sybil Yurman 
 Jeffrey Colle and Yana 
 Oliver Russ, Brian Ehrlich, and Dr. Mark Warfel 
 Casey Fremont, Erin Beatty, Lex Sidon, and Austin Fremont 
 Nick Cinque, Chloe Curtis, and Jill Stuart 
 Di Mondo, Yung Hee Kim, Polina Proshkina, and Charlotte Walkovik 
 Brendan Tadler and Kristen Tadler 
 David Kleinberg, Isabel Rattazzi, Vincent Gagliostro, and Stewart Shining 
 Elizabeth Rossi, Aleta Spitaleri, Brent Fisher, and Chris Rossi 
 Atmosphere 
 John Eastman, Jodie Eastman, Dieter Egli PhD, and Alan Cohen 
 Ruth Jarmul, Megan Pacchia, and Thomas Pacchia 
 Ricccardo Salmona, Joyce Moss, Scott Noggle PhD, George Moss, and Valentina Fossati PhD 
 Elliot Weiss MD, Roy Geronemus MD, and Stephen Chang PhD 
 Laura Johnston, Dan Littman MD PhD, and Susan L. Solomon 
 Mario Seandel MD PhD and Julia Grimes 
 Pam Flaherty, Peter Flaherty, Margo Alexander, Jan Breslow MD, and Bob Alexander 
 Joan Amron, Elaine Abelson, and Susan Brody 
 Fred Shuman, Stephanie Shuman, Marilyn Breslow, and Riccardo Salmona 
 Susan Jacobson, Eileen Ekstract, and Sasha Mann 
Xavier Vey  conducting the ball toss
 Nacho Figueras and Jennifer Levene Bruno 
 Elvira Grau, Alec Grau, Alex Grau, and Jim Grau 
 Jane Walentas, David Walentas, Jennifer Levene Bruno, and Xavier Vey 
 Michael Clinton and Hillary Koota 
 Kathleen De Monchy 
 Stewart Lane and Bonnie Comley 
 Graziano DeBoni, Valerie DeBoni, Xavier Vey, and Michael Clinton 
 Simon Davey and Mihir Patel 
 Michael Arguello and Andrew Werner 
 Anglea Cavis and Kim Kiernan 
 Hilaria Baldwin, Marlo Thomas, Barbara Walters, and Alec Baldwin 
 Gary Adamek, Ruth Applehof, Marlo Thomas, and Phil Donahue 
 Bob Balaban, Blythe Danner, and Jenny Conant 
 Joe DiPietro and George Lane 
 Jim Stanek, Kate Wetherhead, Marlo Thomas, and Greg Mullavey 
 Jordan Roth, Richie Jackson, Marlo Thomas, Daryl Roth, and Barbara Walters 
 Jenny Conant and John Kroft 
 Dave Perrotti and Cameron Berne 
 Steven Rice and Derek McCracken 
 The drinks 
 The buffet
 The crowd 
 Komen Greater NYC Young Professionals Committee's Pink Rocks the Rock at The Rink Bar in Rockefeller Center.
 Komen Greater NYC Young Professionals Committee members and friends 
 Komen Greater NYC Young Professionals Committee founder Sandra Kozlowski and founding member Dawn Reinholtz 
 Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi with Sandra Kozlowski
            and friends
 Sandra Kozlowski, John Petzold, Carrie Shapiro, Darin White, and Lauren Klayman with friends
 Dawn Reinholtz, Sandra Kozlowski, and Pablo Ogarrio 
 Sandra Kozlowski and Kevin Ostrowski 
 Sandra Kozlowski and  Olma Fuentes, Christina Youry, Adrienne Pflug, and Melanie Kusin 
 Young Professionals Committee Founding Advisory Board member Dawn Reinhotz (center) and friends 
 Bobby Waldele (fourth from left) and friends 
 Zubin Mehta and Hans Zimmer 
 Barbara Davis 
 Eli and Edythe Broad 
 Alan Lee, Danielle Spivak, Marsha Lee, and David Hirsch 
 Melissa Merwin
            and Josh Malina
 Elizabeth Chambers, Armie Hammer, Matti Leshem, and Lynn Harris 
 Hans Zimmer and Matti Leshem 
 Suzanne Zimmer, Hans Zimmer, and Zubin Mehta 
 Rob Schneider and Patricia Azarcoya Arce 
 Elizabeth Chambers and Armie Hammer 
Arik Roshanzamir, Jason Hirsch, and Hans Zimmer
Debbie Collins, Bill Collins, and Tammy Martin Sullivan
Brian Henry and Caitlin Nolan
Mike Caponiti, Meghan Caponiti, Jim Knight, and Kathleen Knight
Patricia O'Brien and friend
Caitlan Rossi, Maureen Rossi, and Jean Murrer
 (Standing) Pamela Morgan, Marion Waxman, Dena Weiner (Seated), and Adrienne Kantor 
 Carolyn Hirsch, Ramona Singer, and Felicia Taylor 
 Jessica Cohen, Diana Chudnoff, and Marion Waxman 
 Nicole Miller, Marion Waxman, and Samuel Waxman 
 Pamela Morgan, Jean Shafiroff, Arlene Lazare, Wendy Federman, and Jane Pontarelli 
 Brittany Brown and Billy Morrissey 
 Stephen Baldwin, Melanie Fiona, and Unik Ernest 
 DJ Donna D'Cruz and Tom Silverman 
 Sanford Rubenstein and Elle King 
 Nicole DiCocco 
 Isiah Whitock Jr.
 Alexson Roy 
 Fabrizio Sotti 
The Mashomack Polo Club hosted the 17th Annual Mashomack International Polo Challenge & Luncheon.
 Loida Nicolas Lewis, Mayor David Dinkins, and Imelda Nicolas 
 Valentino Carlotti, Christina Lewis Halpern, Mayor David Dinkins, and Troy Carter 
 Britt Morgan-Saks, Jonathan Keidan, and Jen Hyman 
 Darren Harris, Ariana Brown, Olaolu Aganga, Kathy Park, Nikisha Alcindor, and Alex Figueroa 
 Daniel Halpern 
 Kate Matthews and Jason Matthews 
 Loida Nicolas Lewis, Bill Cunningham, and Valentino Carlotti 
 Pauline Willis and Carl Nelson 
 Sherry Bronfman and Russell Simmons 
 Troy Carter, Mayor David Dinkins, and Christina Lewis Halpern 
 Russell Simmons, Nikolas Rassoules, Gary Coltrane, Loida Nicolas Lewis, Valentino Carlotti, Leslie Lewis, Troy Carter, Xavier Jenkins, Austin Carvey, and Djassi Julien 
 Dancers at Bellevue House 
 Audience watching an aquatic ballet
 One of two Winged Victory statues 
 Marisa LaRocca and Marilyn Woloohojian 
 Fiona Peet, Host Ronald Fleming, and Karen Bevan 
 John Brooks and Dominique Alfandre, IMC Director 
 Mikki Micarelli and Event Designer/artist John Sawicki 
 Barbara and Mike Caldwell 
 Congressman David Cicilline and William Vareika 
 Miki Ohlsen, IMC choreographer, with Jonathan and Maggie Shafmaster 
 Muffy Potter and daughter Mary Van Pelt 
 Jae French with Alan and Sheila Kaplan 
 Bakalarski, Jessica Hagen, and Anne Mimi Sammis 
 Gay Ben Tre  and Jemison Faust 
 Diana Silvaria  and Paul Szapary 
 Ellen Barnes and Jean Paul Primiano 
 NY State Troopers
 Don Langlois and John Klopp
 Davis Colley
 Bruce Colley
 Don Langlois, Shane Finemore, Julio Ezcurra, and Oakleigh Thorne 
 Davis and Bruce Colley 
 Heather Croner and Philip Mactaggrt 
 Karen Klopp with Team Italia 
 Ian Mactaggart, Philip Mactaggart, Guy Merison, and Tatin Zubiaurre 
 Shane Finemore, Oakleigh Thorne, Julio Ezcurra, and Don Langlois 
 Davis Colley, Adam Klopp, Max Langlois, and Juan Olivera 
 Agucho Zavaleta, Craig Callen, James McBride, and Craig Callen 
 Shane Finemore, Oakleigh Thorne, Julio Ezcurra, and Don Langlois 
Under the tent
 Bruce  and Teresa Colley 
 Adam Klopp, Kell Klopp, John Klopp, Karen Klopp, and Jake Klopp 
 Bruce Colley and Vikram Chatwal 
 Caroline Merison, Julia Ireland, Sarah Colley, Sylvia Langlois, and Edith Dicconson 
 Parker Gentry Thorne, Karen Klopp, and Bruce and Teresa Colley 
 Charlotte Serena with Simon and Lolli Roosevelt 
 Diandra Douglas, Stewart Sundlund, Sarah von Maltzahn with children 
 Nancy and John Bruno with a friend
 Libby Mavroleon and Mita Bland 
 Shane and Odaria Finemore and family 
 James McBride, Bruce Colley, and friends
 Caroline Merison, Sylvia Langlois, Karen Klopp, and Jeanne Lawrence 
 Teresa Colley and Anne Brigette Cohen 
 Marion de Vogel and Fernanda Kellogg 
 Davis and Bruce Colley with Joe Meyer
            and friends
 Teal Hoins 
 K. Cooper Ray, Permele Doyle, Richard Boudria, Diego Urrutia, Kristin Urrutia, Sean Boyles, Elizabeth Eldred, and George Foulard 
 The Zavalettas
 Alex Langlois, Davis Colley, Max Langlois, Juan Oliviera, Adam Klopp, Jake Klopp,  Ian Mactaggart, and Julito Ezcurra 
 Bernadette Peters 
 Audra McDonald 
 Bebe Neuwirth 
 Bernadette Peters and James Franco 
 Sarah Greene 
 James Snyder and Jenn Colella 
 Anika Larsen and Jarrod Spector 
 Lauren Cohn, Judy McLane, and Felicia Finley 
 Justin Guarini, Christine Dwyer, P.J. Benjamin, and Mary Testa 
 Bill Berloni 
 Jill Paice, Matt Harrington, and Lesli Margherita 
 Christopher Sieber 
 Norm Lewis and Sarah Boggess 
 Victoria Clark 
 Cast from Matilda 
 Cast from Beautiful - The Carole King Musical 
 Cast from Bullets Over Broadway 
Dinner at Parrish Art Museum's Midsummer Party 2014.
Scenes at   Parrish Art Museum's Midsummer Party ...
 Inga Maren Otto, Dorothy Lichtenstein, and Terrie Sultan
 Robert Wilson and Terrie Sultan
 Katharina Otto-Bernstein, Robert Wilson, and Terrie Sultan
 Dorothy Lichtenstein, Inga Maren Otto, Katharina Otto-Bernstein, Robert Wilson, Fred Seegal, and Terrie Sultan
 Enrico Bruni, Claudia Abendano, and Di Mondo
 Sandy Abramson, Stephen Abramson, Michael Rubenstein, and Dorothea Rockburne
 Yan Assoun and Polina Proshkina
 Maya Lin, Peter Haveles, and Terrie Sultan
 Fiona Pool and Chad Leat
 Lisa Perry
 Dorothy Lichtenstein and Victoria Munroe
 Helen Schifter
 Vanessa Bismarck, Campion Platt, Tatianna Platt, and Maxmillian Weiner
 Randy Kemper, Joy Marks, and Tony Ingrao
 Lucia Hwong Gordon
 Robert Zimmerman, Caroline Hirsch, and Andrew Fox
 Kevin Berlin and Penelope Dwyer
 Lawrence Kaplan and Bart Halpern
 Julio Gaggia, Gazira Gaggia, Geraldine Paz, and Doug Polley
 Lisa Jackson
 Richard Lane, Barbara Lane, Alice Aycock, and Joe Cohen
 Rebecca Bond, Alexandra Stanton, and Dorothy Lichtenstein
 Jason Binn, Charlotte Assaf, Fotis Hasiotis, and Dara Tomanovich
 Chad Leat, Tiffany Moller, and Claus Moller
 Jean Shafiroff, Lucia Wong Gordon, Peter Selse, and Annika Connor
 Melissa Chiu, Benjamin Genocchio, and Gina Lin Chu
 Terrie Sultan, Katharina Otto-Bernstein, and Nathan Bernstein
 Richard Wingfield and Joseph Zucker
 Alan Macdonald, Hilary Geary Ross, Wilbur Ross, and Christina Macdonald
 Lindsey and Ian Adelman
 Tiffany Dubin and Bettina Zilkha
 Lisa Anastos and Bridget Marks
 Debbie Bancroft and Stuart Sundlun
 Kara Council and Paul Turcotte
 Katharina Otto-Bernstein, Nick Otto-Bernstein, and Inga Maren Otto
 Nick Korniloff, Andrea Grover, Robert Wilson, Katharina Otto-Bernstein, Terrie Sultan, Inga Maren Otto, and Jason Binn
 Lisa Consker, Jay Goldberg, and Bruce Richards
 Avis Richards, Sharon Goldberg, and Darrin Binkham
 James Nederlander, Margo McNabb Nederlander, Charlene Nederlander, and Jimmy Nederlander
 Justin Mitchell and Radha Mikkilineni
 Eugenia Bullock, Janna Bullock, and Zoe Bullock
 Janna Bullock, Robin Cofer, and Bonnie Comley
 Jessica Knobloch, Samantha Knobloch, Sasha Knobloch, Charlotte Phillips, and Adar Zango
 Michael Borrico, Jeff Lincoln, Claudia Avendano, and Enrico Bruni
 Mickey Lyons, Natasha Lyons, Victoria Weiskopf, and Scott Zevon
Entertianment on the lawn of  the Bayfront home of Alexandra Lebenthal and Jay Diamond
Charlie Rose and Emani Peterson
Charlie Rose
Alexandra Lebenthal, Ellie Diamond, and Jay Diamond
Gary Wolkowitz, Barbara Weiser, and Howard Read
Michael Mullin, Gregg Lhotsky, Barry Podgorsky, and David Freiman
Stephanie Yu and Jess Lundwall
Amanda Burden and Alanna Heiss
 Madison's Youth of the Year with Henrik Slipsager
 Madison's Youth of the Year with Board President and Vice Chairman of CTPartners Barry Bregman
 Sarah McConnell, Barbara Smithers, and Angelique Carbo
 Fred Ward, Jan Kaupas, Dale Kaupas
 Peter Powell, Gene Campanelli, and Emily Caselli
 Rob Warshauer, Naja Slipsager, Jodie Freeman, and Paul Leake
 Ed Smith and David Goldring
 The 52nd Annual  Swan Ball in Nashville, Tennessee  featured Steve Martin and Edie Brickell.
 Board of Trustees President Claire Knopf presenting Mark Gilbertson with his award
 Mark Gilbertson accepts his honor 
 Colin and event Co-Chair Sarah Bradley 
 Co-Chair Courtney Trent 
 Martha Glass, Duncan Sahner, and Polly Onet 
 Sheila Labreque and Clara Dale 
 Hope and Charlie Jones 
 Sheila Labreque, Ann Unterberg,  Mark Gilbertson, and Nina Stanford 
 Evelyn Tompkins, Tom Unterberg, and Deidre Metcalf 
 Laura and Carter Whisnand 
 Brian Hencke and Michael Holcomb 
 Margot and Randy Takian 
 Kara Short 
 Guests mingle on the Wisteria Arbor 
 Swan Ball decor 
 Steve Martin and Edie Brickell 
 Chrissy and Bill Hagerty, Ruth Hagerty, and George Stadler 
 The Swan Ball 2014 Honorary Chairman Jane Anderson Dudley chats with guests 
 The Honorable Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam and Tennessee First Lady Chrissy Haslam 
 John and Ashley Rosen with Cannon and Catherine King 
 Perian Strang and Keith Meacham 
 David Brown, Judith Landrigan and son Nico Landrigan, Kathryn Brown, and Ward Landrigan 
 Billy and Jennifer Frist 
 Rob Hull, The Swan Ball 2014 Auction Co-Chairmen Jody Hull and Amy Liz Riddick,and John Riddick 
 Don MacLeod and Cheekwood President and CEO Jane MacLeod 
 Doug and Sylvia Bradbury with Laura and Charlie Niewold 
 Julie Stadler models Verdura earrings for Laurel Buntin 
 Beth Alexander, U.S. Congressman Marsha Blackburn, and Karen Moore 
 Senator Bob Corker, Justin and Julia Spickard, Elizabeth Corker, and Jimmy Spradley 
 Santa Fe Mayor Javier Gonzales, Chad Graham, Adam Franklin, and Brenda Rae judging the annual tailgating contest on Opening Night 
 Robbi Firestone, Cindy Conn, David Lamb, and Joanne Lefrak 
 Act 2 of Friday's performance of Carmen 
 Chester Gougis, Shelley Ochab, Roberto De Biasio, and Michelle De Biasio 
 Michael Namingha and David Barker on Opening Night in the Opera Club 
 Joyce El-Khoury, Zachary Nelson, Haley Clark, Alek Shrader, Daniela Mack, Kostas Smoriginas, and Shelley Jackson at the Company Party following the opening of Don Pasquale 
 On Saturday evening, guests enjoyed dinner in a private home 
 Shelley Jackson, Alek Shrader, and Andrew Shore in Saturday's performance of Don Pasquale 
 Roberta Aidem, Sam Gualtieri, and Kathleen Ritch 
 David Sontag, Joan Cohen, Peter and Eleanor Frank, Mark Geller, and Beth Beloff 
 Bob and Ellen Vladem with Peter Townsend 
 Judy Sherman, Henrietta Hall, and Elaine Cole 
 Conductor Laureate Kenneth Montgomery, Jody Gilmore, and Jan van Dooren 
 The Santa Fe Opera's Chief Conductor Harry Bicket, and Marilyn and John McConnell 
 Irwin Sugarman, Barbara Moore, Cindy Aloi, and Chuck Moore 
 Fred Haas, Daniela Mack, Alek Shrader, and Kevin Burdette 
 Arthur Blank, Suzy Welch, and Jes Staley 
 Ken and Elaine Langone, Dean John Farmer, Suzy Welch, Honoree Jes Staley, and Becky Quick 
 CNBC Becky Quick, AIS Board Member Sir Harold Evans, and Suzy Welch 
 Eve Tannery
            and AIS Board Chair Nolan Russo, Jr.
 AIS client speakers Bares family 
 AIS Benefit Co-Chair and Atlanta Falcons Owner Arthur Blank with NY Jets Ellis Lankster and NY Giants Trumaine McBride 
 Home Depot Co-Founders Ken Langone and Arthur Blank 
 Honoree Jes Staley and wife Deby Staley 
 AIS Benefit Co-Chair Tony Hooper and AIS Board Member Sander Flaum 
 The Russo family 
 AIS Board Member John Stossel and wife Ellen Abrams 
 Priscilla Almodovar, AIS Board Member Eric Dinallo, and Becky Quick 
 AIS Speech Clinicians 
 AIS Board Member Susan Jensen and auctioneer Patrick Shane O'Neill 
 Suzy Welch and Elaine Langone 
 AIS client speaker Joel Viera 
Mark Badgley and James Mischka with their "Wedding Celebration."
 Lizzie Crocker, Lily Stroud, William Cooper, Sophie Oakley, William Richmond-Watson, and friend at  Young New Yorkers for the Philharmonic's  annual Summer Benefit.
 Stefan Nowicki and Jordan Nystrom 
 Anthony Martignetti 
 Alexandra Porter 
 Benner Ulrich and Samantha Whiting 
 Ethan Bensdorf, Stephanie Sirota, and Yoobin Son 
 Jenny and William Ullmer 
 Isabella Stelle, Henry Bodmer, Jenny Halegua, Alexander Dayton, and Annie Atkinson 
 Liz Kortum and Evan Keyser 
 Elijah Duckworth-Schacter, Amy Connor, Whitney Krahn, Christina Maloney, Lauren Wolf, and Keith Connor 
 Leona Clague, Yoni Arbel, Naoko Reames, Spencer Reames, Annalisa Henderson, and Will Willis 
 Melanie Lazenby and Katherine Kim 
 Marissa Jedell, Mark Hirsh, Emily Berger, and Cindy Huang 
 Peter and Laura Tedesco with Robert Goodfellow 
 Colonel Mark Madick, British Military Adviser to the UN, speaking about The Queen 
 Teachers who won ESU scholarships to study at Oxford University - Ethan Warner, Kelly DeLuca, Kaitlin Chabina, and Michael Belanger 
 Shakespeare Competition winners - Ashish Ramachandran, Sarah Gold, Nicholas Serrambana, and Chairman Anne Elser 
 Alease Tallman and Diane Jennings 
 Scott Smith and Debbie Reynolds 
 Bess Ames and Joan Beer 
 Joy Rendahl and Connie Clephane 
 ESU members in millinery 
 Alease Tallman, Phillip Watson, and Natalie Pray 
 Michael Kovner, Natalie Pray, and Jean Doyen de Montaillou 
 Regina Gabelli, Colonel and Mrs. Mark Maddick, and Mario Gabelli 
 Rodney Johnson, Natalie Pray, and John Watling 
 Kathy Reiman, Debbie Hamilton, and Ruth Newman 
 Wesley Oler  and Judith Pape 
 Jill and Peter Tesei with children 
 Rodney and Jennifer Johnson with Lady Weatherstone 
 Michael Kovner and Michael Scully 
 Terese St. Claire, Marianne Wyman, and Kathleen Whitby 
 Kathryn and William McKersie 
 Jeffrey and Diane Jennings 
 Lawrence and Pamela Morse 
 Colonel Mark Maddick with Kathryn and William McKersie 
 Ralph McDermid  and Hollister Sturges 
 Cissi Ix and Anne DuBois 
Cocktails on the lawn of Robin and Fred Seegal's East Hampton home
 Howard Meitiner, Howard Lutnick, and Allison Lutnick 
 TJ Tu, Mary Kate, and Andrew Kolodny 
 Fred Seegal, Jill Nevins, and Mitch Rosenthal 
 Debby Sroka and Neal Sroka 
 Alina Cho, Linda Wells, Charlie Thompson, and Caryn Zucker 
 Jessica Mackin and Joe Cipro 
 Peter Solomon, Pete Peterson, and Liz Smith 
 Michael Daniels and Sarah Levithan 
 Howard Meitiner, Jill Nevins, Bill Jackey, and Rose Marie Bravo 
 Micheline Margulies and Stephen Margulies 
 Pete Peterson, Joel Schumacher, and Mitch Rosenthal 
 Allison Lutnick and Allyson Horowitz 
 Jennifer Trulson, Allyson Horowitz, Allison Lutnick, Jamie Mitchell, and Jennifer Miller 
 Fred Seegal, Michael Peterson, and Pete Peterson 
 Joel Schumacher, Kati Marton, and Joel Klein 
 Susan Solomon and Harry Slatkin 
 Kara Hobbs and Kathleen Kelly 
 Sarah Simms Rosenthal, Rose Marie Bravo, and Bill Jackey 
 Margie Loeb, Tania Zuckerbrot, and Anthony Westreich 
 John Forté 
Early Birds & Bookworms author breakfast held at RL with Steven Stolman as guest speaker
Bunky Cushing and Steven Stolman
Cheryl Coleman and Sherrill Bodine 
Toni Canada, Dede Lubeznik, and Michelle Parrillo
Jonathan Wells and Heather Johnson
Linda Heister with Ralph Lauren sunglasses 
Robin Segesta and Hazel Barr
Heather Wright and Diane Reilly
Mamie Walton and Susan Regenstein
 ASF President Edward P. Gallagher, Honoree Monika A. Heimbold, with Gala Chairs Rabby and Kristján Ragnarsson, ASF Board Chair Bente Svensen Frantz, First Lady of Iceland Dorrit Moussaieff, and H.E. Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson, President of Iceland 
ASF President Edward P. Gallagher greets Liv Ullmann
Gala Vice-Chair Joanna Heimbold (left) greets Gala Chairs Dr. Kristján and Rabby Ragnarsson
Kaija Saariaho and Gala Vice-Chair Carl Gustaf Ehrnrooth
Mark Frantz, Bente Svensen Frantz, Liv Ullmann, and Donald Saunders
Mary Ellen and Richard Oldenburg
Niels Vildbrad, Dr. Khurram Jamil, and Dr. Ulrik Juul Christensen
 Inger McCabe Elliott (left) with Marit and Lars Kulleseid
Juliette Hentic, Barbara Regna, Agnes Ahlander Turner, and Katherine Thornburgh
Lena Kaplan with her daughter, Kristina Wallison
Katie and James Stewart
Anssi Karttunen and Maire Gullichsen-Ehrnrooth
H.E. Jarmo Viinanen and Mrs. Irmeli Viinanen
 The company of One Thrilling Combination performing "One" at The Public Theater's annual Gala.
 Leila Feldman, Jordan Feldman, Helene Feldman, Adam Feldman, and Ziel Feldman 
 Anthony Addison and Jennifer de Klaver 
 Ellen Lewis, Donald Sultan, Helene Feldman, and Dr. Elliot Heller 
 Terrie Sultan and Christopher French 
 Peter Takiff, Liz Krinick, Ron Krinick, Ziel Feldman, and Pamela Takiff 
 Susan De Franca, Howard Lorber, and Esther Paster 
 Jennifer de Klaver, Anthony Addison, Madeline Hult, and Barbara Hemmerle Gollust 
 Aaron Dannenberg and Julie Dannenberg 
 Kendra Korczak, Scott Howe, Sarah Hammock, and Mats Goebels 
 Helene Feldman, David Schoenthal, and Sabrina Saltiel 
 Nir Meir, Tom Elghanayan, and Ziel Feldman 
 Meredith Cairns, Peter Haveles, and Regina Glocker 
 Margot Ziegler and Scott Ziegler 
 Christian Thorn and MacKenzie Thorn 
 Andrea Grover and Amanda McDonald Crowley 
 Karen Goerl and Frederico Azevedo 
 Frederico Azevedo, Randi Schatz, Lucia Hwong Gordon, Suzanne LaFleur, Regina Dantas, and David Grossman 
 Melanie Lazenby and Ranee Meir 
 Peter Haveles, Eva Faye, Abby Terkuhle, and Terrie Sultan 
 Original company members of A Chorus Line 
 Terre Hamlisch and Public Theater Artistic Director Oskar Eustis 
 Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Jane Lynch performing "Sing" 
 Terre Hamlisch and Public Theater Artistic Director Oskar Eustis 
 Frank Langella and Barbara Walters 
 Ian Madover, Dr. Catherine Birndorf, and Public Theater Board Chair Arielle Tepper Madover 
 Director of One Thrilling Combination Ted Sperling, Public Theater Associate Artistic Director Mandy Hackett, and Gala co-chair Reneé Beaumont 
 Barry Rosenstein, Ana Rosenstein, Jamie Rosenstein, and Gala co-chair Lizanne Rosenstein 
 Public Theater Executive Director Patrick Willingham, Bank of America Senior Vice President Connie Verducci, Hamlish Linklater, and Lily Rabe 
 A special screening of the Museum's Space Show Dark Universe 
 Co-chairs Iain and Zoe Wilson with Allison and Mike Thompson 
 Sherri Toub and co-chair Lori Pomerantz 
 Annie Bystryn (center) and friends 
 Jessica Dekhtyar and Jason Knaster 
 Co-chairs Holly and Marty Okner with Steering committee members Joe and Susan Shatz 
 Friend, co-chair Jameson McFadden, and co-chair Zachary Pomerantz 
 Steering committee member Jessica Yau (center) and friends 
 Co-chairs Zachary and Lori Pomerantz 
 Steering Committee members Matt and Erin Ahrens with Anna and Mike Edwards 
 Tyler Flint, Jason Morganroth, Mike Gilroy, and friends 
 Yoni Arbel, Ivan Marshalleck, and Leona Clague with friends
 Chip White Jazz 
 Guest, Todd James, Cey Adams, Eric Haze, CES, Eldin Villafane, KAWS, and Trike1 
 Aylin Brenna, Mary Van Pelt, Frances Schultz, and Sara Hobel 
 Dana James and Minya Oh 
 Steve Rubin, David Holland, and Melanie Holland 
 David and Peri Clark 
 Dana Balicki and Ryan Schneider 
 Kamie and Rich Lightburn 
 Nina Wiener and artist Lawrence Schiller 
 Gaby Pacheco accepts the 2014 Women of Distinction Award for Advocacy and Civic Engagement 
 Paula Penebaker, Chair of YWCA USA Board, presenting YWCA Local Association Excellence Awards 
 Dara Richardson-Heron, M.D.; Robin Givens; Judge Glenda Hatchett; Gaby Pacheco; Sister Simone Campbell; Deborah DeHaas; and Jaspen Boothe 
 The YWCA USA National Board 
 Ellie Smeal, President of the Feminist Majority Foundation, with Dara Richardson-Heron, M.D. 
 Dara Richardson-Heron, M.D., CEO of the YWCA USA; Robin Givens; Judge Glenda Hatchett; and Paula Penebaker, Chair of YWCA USA Board 
 Rebecca Hall, middle, with guests of the 2014 Women of Distinction Awards 
 Becky Hines, left, with staff from the YWCA Great Lakes Bay Region 
 Becky Hines, Yvonne Drayton, and Adrianna Singer 
 Brandon Boothe and his mother, Jaspen Boothe, who won the 2014 Women of Distinction Award for Military and Veteran's Issues 
 Adrienne Frederick, Gretchen Oertli, Courtnee Carrigan, and Alexis Demandante 

Cocktails  on the Esplanade at the Chicago Botanic Garden Summer Gala.

Alice Cooney Frelinghuysen, Katie Ridder, Peter Pennoyer, and Sara Griffen
Ashley Van Egeren, in Bibhu Mohaptra designed auction dress
Christopher Gray
Sara Griffen receiving painting from Washburn Oberwager
Genevieve Gorder and David DeSantis
Richard Sharp, Sara Griffen, Susan Oberwager,  and Washburn Oberwager
Stacy and David Goel
Stuart Breslow, Hillary Weisman, Anne Miller, Meredith Kane, and Edward Scarvalone
Lee Morgan and Kip Forbes
Annette Blaugrund, Stanley Blaugrund, Karen Bechtel, and Morrison Heckscher
Liz Graziolo, Dorynne Brock, and Nicole Viole
Jeannette Redden, David Redden, Morrison Heckscher, and Fenella Heckscher
Katie Leede and Peter Pennoyer
Chris Jones, Albert Key, and Monica Ray
Belinda Kaye and Katie Ridder
Valerie Westcott, Leslie Keno, Jeanette Redden, and Christopher Apostle
Alice Cooney Frelinghuysen and  Barrie Wigmore
 Cocktails on the Esplanade 
 The pavilion on the Esplanade 
 HMR Designs created the beautiful setting inside the tent with white peonies and a modern green-and-white palette 
 The co-chairs of the 2014 Summer Dinner Dance were Mr. and Mrs. Peter B. Foreman (Ginny) of Chicago, Mr. and Mrs. David R. Casper (Jane) of Northbrook, and Mr. and Mrs. Steven J. Gavin (Cassie) of Winnetka. 
 Summer Dinner Dance co-chairs Jane and David Casper of Northbrook 
 Summer Dinner Dance co-chairs Peter and Ginny Foreman of Chicago 
 Jack and Ali Connery of Lake Forest, Geoffrey Luce, and Matt and Chrissy Davis 
 Bruce and Laura Linger and Alison and Steve Schmitt, all of Winnetka 
 Jen and Arnold Randall of River Forest 
 John and Myra Reilly of Glencoe and Susan Regenstein and Barry Frank of Naples, FL 
 Jason and Yolanda Tyler and Tom Tansor and Aileen Blake, all of Chicago 
 Tricia and Will Hagenah of Kenilworth 
 Dan Goldman, Shana Ellis, Bettina Slusar and Peter Ellis, all of Chicago 
 Neville and John Bryan of Lake Forest 
 Emily and John MacEntee and Meg and Dave Lanz, all of Winnetka 
 Jason and Laura Koh of Winnetka 
 Susan Regenstein and Barry Frank of Naples, FL 
 Macy and Gary Rozier of Chicago 
 Ed Teixeira of Glencoe and Stacy Ratner of Highland Park 
 Eric and Arin Reeves, Nickol and Darrel Hackett, all of Chicago 
 Beth and Jim Robinson of Winnetka 
 Jay Henderson of Northfield, Eric Reeves of Chicago and Darrel Hackett of Chicago 
 Nickol and Darrel Hackett of Chicago 
 Purple Haze performed for the Summer Dinner Dance 
 Lynne Jordan and the Shivers played while guests danced the night away 
 Dinner in the pavilion on the Esplanade 
 The Summer Dinner Dance was on the night of the full moon 
Michelle Javian and Ryan Serhant
Dr. Lee Goldman and Mark Apfelbaum
Kelly Bensimon, Michelle Javian, and Hope Geier Smith
Roger Altman, Dr. Christine Walsh, Dr. Lee Goldman, and Michael Kutcher
Yuki Kotani
Taye Diggs
Christian Siriano
Lance Horne, Lena Hall, and Burt Rock
Anne Dexter Jones and Roger Altman
DJ Alan Eckstein and Timo Weiland
David Angel, Afshan Bokhari, Allison Stobabrt, and Annie Sipe
Afi Alfred 
AndrewAndrew 
James Bushey, Adam Cutone, Matt Daigle, and Jef Merselis 
Ellen Ramsey and Robert Bailey 
The scene at   Jay Sugarman and Kelly Behun's Southampton home  for the 14th Annual Midsummer Night Drinks benefiting God's Love We Deliver.
 Jay Sugarman, Kelly Behun, Miles Sugarman, and Arno Sugarman 
 Emmett Findley 
 Gerald Madigan, Nathan Wold, Tom Samet, Lawrence Treglia, and Jonathan Raiola 
 Lee Mindell and Margaret Russell 
 Suzanne Lyon, Keith Bloomfield, Kelly Behun, Mark Mullett, and Wendi Murdoch 
 Jon Gilman and Gerald Madigan 
 Ed Morris, Linda Morris, Ingrid McNulty, and David Braunstein 
 Jamee Gregory 
 Nathan Perry, Steven Cole, and Lucas Mendieta 
 Harry Reiner, Stephanie Reiner, Steven Reiner, and Julia Baylis 
 Kevin Maple, Fern Mallis, Nancy Stone, and Scott Bruckner 
 Robert McLain and Albert Blanquel 
 Josh Stuart, Marty LaSalle, Sheridan Wright, and Perry Wolfman 
 Jodi Sandman and Samantha Baker 
 Michael Crooke, Lyndsey Crooke, Jacqui Shinnerer, and Justin Schinnerer 
 Mark Henkin and Julie Lamb 
 Rich Pipia and Gerald Madigan 
 Marcia Bass, Florence Giordano, Valerie Coster, and Karen Simon 
 Cheryl Wilkinson and Clive Wilkinson 
 Rich Pipia, Steve Markov, Jeff Meleski, and Greg Schmidt 
 Tracey Schusteman, Sofie Schusteman, Julie Lichtstein, and Jordyn Lichtstein 
 Lara Eckmann, Raphael Eckmann, Alex Monteiro, and Greg Schmidt 
 Ken Janssens and Chad Leat 
 Michaella Kurdziel, Douglas Kurdziel, Jens Audenaert, Amol Shah, Ursina Beerli, Katy LeBlanc, Kelley Hicks, and Jessica Falco 
 Brooke Goldstein and Matthew Simon 
 Fern Mallis, Rebecca Bond, Jon Bond, and Kelly Behun 
 Clem Carrington and Terri Patterson 
 Ioannis Dunn, Tao He, Stephen Covello, David Ludwigson, LaMont Craig, and Candy Bonder 
 Ingrid McNulty, David Braunstein, and Karen Pearl 
 George Schleier, Michael Perricone, Ana Rosa, and Lloyd Simon 
 Shawn Roche, Doug Roach, Jose Castro, and David Scott 
 Chef Class photo 
 Eric Kaplan and Nick Valenti, CEO of Patina Restaurant Group
 Chef Nobu Matsuhisa and Chef Daniel Boulud, Co-President of the Citymeals Board of Directors 
 Jonathan Tisch and Beth Shapiro, Executive Director of Citymeals-on-Wheels 
 Umami Seafood Cocktail - Fish, Shellfish, Dashi, Soy Sauce from Chef Nobu Matsuhisa 
 Wagyu Cheesesteak - Wagyu Beef, Spring Onion Marmalade, Raclette andCheeze Whiz,and Mini Baguetteand from Chef Richard Diamonte 
 Sea Urchin Toast with Robiolina and Jalapeando from Chef Craig Koketsu 
 Bob Grimes, Citymeals Board Vice President; Chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten; Drew Nieporent, a Citymeals-on-Wheels Board Member; Chef Alfred Portale; and Markus Glocker 
 Chef Bill Telepan and Chef Marc Forgione 
 Kiwon Wang and Jimmy Nicholas, Citymeals-on-Wheels Board Member 
 Mary Hull, Anne Cohen, Co-President of the Citymeals Board of Directors, and Mary Chung 
 Bill Speck, Citymeals-on-Wheels Board Member, Beth Shapiro, and Michael Lynne
 Beth Shapiro with Aaron and Stephanie Goldman 
 Chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten and Michael Lynne, Citymeals Board Vice President 
 Chef Bobby Flay 
 Aliyyah Baylor, Citymeals-on-Wheels Board Member 
 Chef Francois Payard 
 Chef Stephanie Izard 
 Chef Joachim Splichal 
 Chef Silvana Vivoli and Danielle Valenti Smith, Co-Chair of Citymeals Young Professionals Committee 
 Cocktail hour under the tent
 Roman Roth, Chef Todd Jacobs, Robert DeLuca, Katherine Birch, and Chef Noah Schwartz 
 Assemblyman Fred Thiele and Nancylynn Schurr Ferrini 
 Campion and Tatiana Platt 
 Daphne Hoge 
 Donna Winston and Bill McChesney 
 Dushy and Roman Roth 
 Jahan and Joel Atlas Skirble 
 Jeff and Nancy Pelligrini with Samantha and David Yanks 
 Joey Wolffer, Liz Bock, and Maura Smith 
 Katerina and Leslie Feldman with Delores Desnaca 
 Max Rohn, Joey Wolffer, Liz Bock, Maura Smith, and David Lippin 
 Michael Donnellan and Lilee Fell 
 Michael Nolan and Helen Gifford 
 Robert DeLuca  and Nicole Brewer 
 Glen and Betsy Nick
 Asher Simcoe and Hattie Gruber
 John Indeck, Donna Simonelli, Elizabeth Hartnett, and Gabe Grossman
 Diego Urrutia and John Dalsheim
 John Dalsheim, Lauren Boman, and Diego and Kristin Urrutia
 Tatiana Perkin, Alexsandra Papanicolaou, Amanda Starbuck, and Thorne Perkin
 Robert Devine, Michael Lorber, and Matthew Ailey
 Charlotte Hansen, Evin Duvoisin, Sarah Palmer, --  Erin Sauchelli, and Zhanna Krainer 
 Stephen Nightingale 
 Tielman Van Vleck and Maureen Nash 
 Zhanna Krainer, Erin Sauchelli, Sarah Palmer, John Dalsheim, Sarah Hansen, Erin Duvoisin, and Charlotte Hansen 
 Cornelia Wolcott, Frank Hamilton, and Charlotte Dagher 
 Chris Carroll and Shelby Spears Carroll 
 David Neff and Averi Toland 
Cocktails at the 31st Annual Calvary Hospital Awards Gala.
Steven Golub, Tim Main, Dr. Mark Kris, Arthur Crozier, Frank Calamari, Dr. Thomas Fahey, and John Gambling
Melissa Errico performing 
Dr. Mark Kris, Dr. Eric Goldman, Diane Andreiuci, Dr. Michael Brescia, Jane Magnetti, and Dr. Robert Brescia
Barbara and John Decina
Carlos  and Claire Hernandez
Joseph  and Claire Morrow
 Nicole Celauro, Jennifer Mabley, Kate Singer, and Austin Handley 
 Gail Tarasoff-Sutton and Anne Tarasoff 
 Lori Sheldon, Tobi Fairley, and Robin Gordon 
 Ken Wampler and Stacy Fenior 
 Melanie Roy and David Friedman 
 Nancy Galasso, Lori Sheldon, and Elizabeth McGann 
 Lydia Tower and Pat Loria 
 Ken Gemes, Elizabeth Hagins, and Caleb Anderson 
 Suysel Cunningham, Anne Foster, and Vivian Gomez 
 Desiree Criscuolo, Greg McKenzie, Joe Criscuolo, Bill Locancro, and Nicole Locancro 
 Daniel Silberman and Bill Locancro 
 Mark Humphrey, Denise Rinfrey, Missy Minicucci, Sean Bruns, and Judy Hadlock 
 Gail Cohen, Beth McDonough, Amy Bhurgin, and Tony Manning 
David E. Simon 
Michael E. Olshan, Carole S. Olshan, Morton L. Olshan and Andrea L. Olshan 
Michael E. Olshan, Morton L. Olshan, Carole S. Olshan, Andrea L. Olshan, and Michael Odell
Jeffrey J. Feil, Morton L. Olshan, and Leonard A.Wilf 
David Mack, Richard J. Mack, and William L. Mack 
Michael L. Olshan, Carole S. Olshan, Morton L. Olshan, Richard Born, and Caroline Born 
Earle S. Altman and Alex Kaskel 
Michael Schonbraun and Lee Deutsch 
Jay Anderson and Jeffrey Levine 
Cindy Feinberg and Jonas Katzoff 
Andrew J. Singer and Gary Jacob 
Adam Arnow and Samuel W. Rosenblatt 
Jonathan L. Mechanic and Lawrence B. Benenson 
Lloyd Goldman, Morton L. Olshan, and Larry A. Silverstein 
 Laura Lofaro Freeman and Jean Remmel Little FitzSimmons 
 Jennifer Zeprakla, Jonas Declorios, Laura Lofaro Freeman, Jim Freeman, Shana Cunningham, and Jim Freeman Jr. 
 Kevin Sherer and Kathy Reilly 
 Raya Knight, Cliff Knight, and Ann Grimm 
 Ann Grimm and Shelia O'Malley Fuchs 
 Ken Wright, Megan Wright, Melanie Wambold, and John Wambold 
Mariano Rivera, Jimmy Lee, and Mark Teixeira
Gabriele Palmieri and Mark Teixeira
 Richard Berlin, Gary Cohn, and Mariano Rivera
 Jimmy Lee and Mariano Rivera
The after party at the Apollo Theater's annual Spring Gala. 
 Jonelle Procope
Ron and Ernie Isley
Natalie Cole
 Wayne Brady and Matthew Whitaker
Savion Glover   with Doug E Fresh on beatbox
Doug E. Fresh
Human Nature
Darren Walker, Gerald Hassel, Dick Parsons, and Ronald Perelman 
Deborah Roberts, Gerald Hassel, and Apollo president and CEO Jonelle Procope
 Iva and Scott Mills, Jonelle Procope, and Karen and Charles Phillips 
 Joannie Danielides, Rita Jammet, Debra Shriver, Pamela Fiore, Jonelle Procope, and friends
 Marcus Samuelsson and Maya Haile 
 BNY guest, Melody Parker, Daisy Holmes, Jonelle Procope, BNY guest, and Wendy Neikirk Rhodes 
 Jonelle Procope. Brett Wright, and Yvonna Kopacz Wright 
 Apollo president and CEO, Jonelle Procope and Apollo board chairman Richard Parsons with a friend
 DJ D Nice 
 Doug E Fresh and friends
 Joannie Danielides and friends
 Yolanda Ferrell Brown and Jonelle Procope
            with a friend
 Paula Ramsey and Jonelle Procope 
 Sheena Wright and friends
 Agnes Hassell, Jonelle Procope, and Samuel Scott 
 Sue Cary (center) and friends
 Michelle Tate and friends
 Vanessa Bell Calloway and Star Jones 
 Bronson van Wyck, Meredith Melling-Burke, and Adam Shapiro 
 Chef Alexander Smalls and friend
 Jacqueline Nickelberry and Patricia Zollar 
 Michael Diamond, Amy Diamond, and friend
 Marilyn Booker and friends
 Deborah Wright and  Carol Lewis 
 Gerald Hassell, Agnes Hassell, Daisey Holmes, and friends
 Valentino Carlotti and friends
 Jason Matthews and friend
 Joanne Camuti and friends
 Eileen Naughton and Alfred Liggins with a friend
 Steve Pamon and friends
 Carolyn and Mark Mason 
 Ray and Vivian Chew 
 Nia Jones and Briana Bigham  with friends
 Gary McElyea and Hazel Dukes 
 Karu Daniels and friends
 Jacqueline Nickelberry and Debra Shriver
The scene at  The Glass House Summer Party
Amr Abdelaziz and John Calcagno
Vincent Pages,  Scott Drevnig, and Alexandra Pages
David White and Anthony Gamardella
Debbit Taylor and Rob Storr
 Anna Carlin and Anh Tuan Pham
Wynn Burson and Grazia D'Annunzio
 Kasia Reed, Paula Winicur, Tucker Mays, and Gabriella Mays 
 Jacob Staron and Gosia Staron 
 Clare Carter and Victoria Hely-Hutchinson 
 Tory Kronberg and Laura Einstein 
 Spencer Grimes and Lindsay Grimes 
 David Ladik, Sarah Meltzer, Matthew Weinstein, and David Bers 
 Rebecca Friedman and Barbara Lissner 
 Henry Urbach and Melissa Feldman 
 Erik Bruce and Craig Bassam 
 Mara Abrams, Wyatt Kronberg, and Eileen Lehrer 
 Vanessa Sheldon and Lisa Sheldon 
 Philip Gefter and Richard Press 
 Michael Hagney and Terrence Charles 
 Antoine Pham and Anna Carlin 
 Henry Urbach and Joseph LaPiana 
 Nick Rosser and Matthew Foley 
 Misha Nonoo and Holly Greenfield 
 Jennifer Kraisinski and Meghan Dailey 
 Richard Barnes and Alexia Borden 
 Joseph Becker, Henry Urbach, Pantea Tehrani, Murray Moss, and Franklin Gretchell 
Picnicing inside Donald Judd's first concrete work, Untitled, 1971 
Cocktails at 583 Park
The tables set for dinner
 Vin Cipolla, president of The Municipal Art Society; David M. Childs, Chairman Emeritus, SOM; Genie Birch, Chair of the MAS Board of Directors; Bruce Ratner, Executive Chairman, Forest City Ratner Companies and 2014 Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Medal honoree; MaryAnne Gilmartin, President & CEO, Forest City Ratner Companies and 2014 Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Medal honoree; Vishaan Chakrabarti, Principal at SHoP Architects; and Gregg Pasquarelli, founding partner of SHoP Architects
 Vin Cipolla, Margaret Newman, MAS Executive Director; Gabriel Calatrava, MAS Board; Natalia Gouzi; Celine McDonald, and David M. Childs, Chairman Emeritus, SOM
 Bruce Ratner and MaryAnne Gilmartin
 Julio Peterson, MAS board member; Peter Howard, MAS Emeritus Chariman, and Vin Cipolla
 Genie Birch and Paul Beirne, MAS board member
 Carl Skelton and wife Vivian Selbo  with  Peter Marren and his wife Margaret Newman
 Jessica Lappin, NYC Council member; Stephen Lefkowitz, Fried Frank Partner; Jon Mechanic; and Ronda Wist, MAS Vice President
 Tomas Redner, Celine McDonald, Thomas Wyaux, and Dianne Watson
 Paul Aferiat, MaryAnne Gilmartin,  Peter Stamberg (Stamberg Aferiat + Associates), and Adam Greene (Forest City Ratner)
 David Childs, Bruce Ratner, and Jon Mechanic, Fried Frank Partner
 U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Dennis Jacobs, Landmarks Conservancy Chair Lloyd Zuckerberg, and Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer 
 Helen Post Curry, Great Granddaughter of Cass Gilbert (architect) and U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Dennis Jacobs 
 Glenn Boornazian - Integrated Conservation Resources, President 
 Preston Roberts - Lend Lease, Project Engineer 
 Steven F. Jureller - Cauldwell Wingate, Chief Operating Officer 
The Couture Council of The Museum at FIT hosted a conversation and lunch for 75 Couture Council members and Board members with Zac Posen at Doubles.
 Honoree Dominic Chianese, actors Victor Garber, Jason Danieley, Marin Mazzie, Lou-Ellen Barkan, President and CEO of the Alzheimer's Association, New York City Chapter, and actor David Hyde Pierce, who emceed the event 
 Honoree Dominic Chianese and Lou-Ellen Barkan, President and CEO of the Alzheimer's Association, New York City Chapter 
 Greg Johnson of EmblemHealth and Charlene Maher, Chief Marketing Officer, EmblemHealth (accepting on behalf of honoree EmblemHealth) 
 Greg Johnson of EmblemHealth, Charlene Maher, Chief Marketing Officer, EmblemHealth (accepting on behalf of honoree EmblemHealth), and Gala Chair Jeff Gitlin, Principal, Leader of PwC Health 
 Live auction led by Jamie Niven
 Items from the silent auction 
 Gala Chair Jeff Gitlin, Principal, Leader of PwC Health, Prince Amukamara of the New York Giants and wife Pilar Amukamara, Honoree Dominic Chianese, Actress Marin Mazzie, Lou-Ellen Barkan, President and CEO of the Alzheimer's Association New York City Chapter, Actor Jason Danieley, Charlene Maher, Chief Marketing Officer, EmblemHealth, Dr. Max Gomez, CBS 2 Medical Reporter, actors Victor Garber and David Hyde Pierce, who emceed the event 
 Actors Victor Garber, Jason Danieley, and David Hyde Pierce
 Prince Amukamara of the New York Giants and wife Pilar Amukamara, honoree Dominic Chianese, and  David Hyde Pierce
 Lou-Ellen Barkan, President and CEO of the Alzheimer's Association, New York City Chapter, Alzheimer's Association, New York City Chapter Board Member Ex-Officio Steven E. Boxer, Michelle Walker, and Dr. Max Gomez, CBS 2 Medical Reporter 
 Victor Garber, Dr. Max Gomez,  and  David Hyde Pierce
Liz Peek and Zac Posen
Paulette Ramos, Valerie Steele, and Tiffany Koury-Dichter 
Barbara Tober and Zac Posen 
Eleanora Kennedy and Lisa Klein 
Eleanora Kennedy, Adrienne Vittadini, Pamela Fiori, and Anna Safir
Carol Mack and Liz Peek 
Chiu-Ti Jansen and Michele Gerber Klein 
 Adam Purcell, Barbara Jonas, and John Jonas 
 Michael Breed leads a group golf clinic 
 Cathy Rick, Darlene Curley, and The Honorable Anthony Principi 
 Dr. Annie Rohan, Dr. Annemarie Dowling-Castronovo, and Dr. Andrea Barnes 
 George Fox presents Donald Jonas with a commemorative gift 
 Connecticut National Guard who presented the Colors 
 U.S. Marine and Purple Heart Recipient Mark Watros, Donald Jonas, and Charlotte Rosenblatt 
 George Fox, U.S. Marine and Purple Heart Recipient Mark Watros, and Brigadier General (Ret.) William T. Bester 
 U.S. Marine and Purple Heart Recipient Mark Watros and George Fox 
 Donald Jonas 
 Ken Rick, Aaron Matthews, Michael Breed, Cathy Rick, and Paul Sullivan 
 Hila Richardson, Michael Breed, Tara Cortes, Luis Cortes, and Margaret McClure 
 Assemblyman Michael Montessano with trustees Abby O'Neill and Joe Donohue 
 Community Foundation of Oyster Bay's President, Joe Donohue 
 Anita Salembier with her son, Jamie Townsend 
 Bob Lindsay with trustee Christie McNicol and her husband Paul 
 Chris Hogg with trustee Liz Feldman and her son, Mack Feldman 
 Hilary Armstrong, Matt Rovery, and Jim Armstrong 
 John Schwartzberg and John Postley 
 Julia Vaughn and Dave Waldo 
 Mary Lindsay and trustee Abby O'Neill 
 Milena Duke, Community Foundation of Oyster Bay past Trustee, Olga Duke, Lisa Schiff, and Rebecca Zoller 
 Nathaniel Peirce, Robert Lind, Mack Feldman, Chris Hogg, and Michael Brennan 
 Meredith Olt and Ian McCurdy 
 Tracy Denney Hritz and Gail Caulkins 
 Trustee Betsy Cochrane with her husband James 
 Thomas F. Schutte, Deborah Buck, and Bruce J. Gitlin 
 Benjamin Borelli and Deborah Buck 
 Benjamin Borelli 
 Morgan Rosse and Anton Briones 
 Dawne Marie Grannum and Sophia Bishop 
 Ed Harley and David Gomez 
 Ricky Lee, Deborah Buck, and Marylyn Dintenfass 
 Kemol Taylor and Jennifer Tholse 
 Deborah Buck and Barry Cenower 
 Shirin von Wulffen, Merrill Mahan, Clare McKeon, Margaret Russell, Reed Krakoff, Capera Ryan, Elizabeth Belfer, Ashleigh Fernandez, and Stephanie La Nasa 
 Margaret Russell and Reed Krakoff 
 Michelle Hargrave, Alice Hunsberger, Wang Min, and Pauline Willis 
 Margaret Russell, Reed Krakoff, and Pauline Willis 
 Caroline Schmidt Barnett and Amanda Waldron 
 Paula Deitz, Tom Freudenheim, and Sarah Bennison Machiels 
 Caroline Chin, Jonathan Binstock, and Suzanne Gyorgy 
 Liz Klein and Laura Noble-Perese 
 Sara Zilkha and Clare McKeon 
 Sara Ayres, Vanessa Cornell, and Brooke Garber Neidich 
 Sarah Senbahar, Ginevra Caltagirone, and Rula Jebrea 
 Stephanie La Nasa, Elizabeth Lake, and Ashley Allan 
 Junia Doan, Christine Harmon, and Alexandra Drucker 
 Merrill Mahan, Marcia Dunn, and Laura Solomon 
 Katie Sonnenborn, Catherine MacMahon, and Yasaman Djunic 
 Emily Summers, Neal Friske, and Sally Rosen 
The cocktail reception
Patricia Soussloff, Kim Isaacs Katz, Bridget O'Connor, Christine Merrifield, and Margaret Crotty
Anita McGorty, Donna Speciale, Christine Merrifield, and Bill Tucker
George and Joan Hornig
Scott Freeman, Patricia Soussloff, and Stephen Zelmer
Asheet and Kirtna Mehta   
Corporate Impact honoree Pfizer's Patti Jewel and Dr. Nicole Shaffer with Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi
Komen Greater NYC Board Chair Sandra Kozlowski 
 Surviving with Impact honoree Amy Robach receives her award from host, colleague and friend Josh Elliott 
 Presenter Patrick Borgen, MD, honorees Amy Robach, Pfizer's Nicole Shaffer, Jose Baselga, MD, PhD, guest, and  Linda Tantawi
Ursula Neuman, Tess Schwab, Wafaa Bilal, and Nancy Liss
Donna D'Aquino, Ken Borochov, and Meghan Patrice Riley
Penelope Umbrico, Irene Mamiye, Stephen Dweck, and John Ike
Glenn Adamson and Michael Hetjmanek
Barbara Hoffman and Janet Goldner
Sandra Long and Tucker Robbins
Taking in the  "Multiple Exposures: Jewelry and Photography" exhibition at MAD
 Animal Care & Control of NYC trailer outside The National Arts Club 
Walking  the red carpet ...
 Steven Nedlin, Carlos Herrera, Tim Farrell, Kevin de l'Aigle, Kevin Scully, and Bianca Del Rio 
 Kevin de l'Aigle, Mac Lipscomb, Tim Farrell, and Jessica Borne 
 Kevin Scully, Kevin de l'Aigle, Robbie Webb,and Anthony Rubio 
 Kevin de l'Aigle, Bianca Del Rio, Harlen Blanchard, Toby Usnik, Christies, and Tim Farrell 
 Patrick Nolan, Stephen Nasto, Nancy Notaro, and Susan and Jay Kuhlman 
 Gaujal Clément, Dan Kass, Risa Weinstock, Patrick Nolan, and Mario Merlino 
 David Glicksman 
 Emily and Yonaton Aronoff 
 Karl Anderson and , Susannah Howard 
 Fergus Leggett, Brian Leggett, Elizabeth Manwiller, and Joe Belan 
 Bryan Christy and Nicole Mollo 
 Elaina  and Diane Bernhardt 
 Daniel Lynn and Linda Unger 
 Kevin de l'Aigle, Bianca Del Rio, and John Bartlett 
 Sandra Pullman, Andrew Terry, Kelley Morrell 
 Maria and Albert DiMeglio 
 Misha Barbour, Peter Hofmann, Marget Hanson, and Michael Juskiewicz 
The dance floor at the New York Botanical Garden's  annual Conservatory Ball.
 Maureen Chilton, Caroline Williamson, Ann Johnson, Cosby George, and Gillian Miniter 
 Fe Fendi and Barbara Tober 
 Karen and Clay Tompkins 
 John Barrett, John Townsend, and Richard Chilton 
 Barbara Steinhauser, Julie Graham, John Townsend, and Laurie Townsend 
 Wilson Roly Nolen 
Jay Diamond, Alexandra Lebenthal, Susan Johnson, and Henry Johnson
 Jennifer Wakeford, Garth Wakeford, Jill Joyce, Laura Garrett, and Bob Garrett 
Lynden Miller, Larry Condon, Terry Condon, and Jack Vanza
 George Milne, Susan Burke, Dan Strickler, Ellen Strickler 
 Mario Delapena, Cristina Necula, Patricia Fernandez, and Ricardo Fernandez 
 Walther Raquet, Sabrina Forsythe, William Bloom, and Julie Lenning 
 Mary Davidson, Hans Utsch, and Julia Utsch 
 George Rich, Terry Guylay, and Friederike Biggs 
 Charlie Johnson, Felicia Toohey, Wilson Roly Nolen, and Eliot Nolen 
 Kerry  and Amy Fowler 
 Susan Sleeper, Alyssa Brockelman, Chris Nichols, and Ashley Allen 
 Mai Hallingby Harrison and Mark Cotte 
 Audrey Schaus, Alyssa Brockelman, Beth Taylor, Ashley Allen, Susan Sleeper, and Meredith Feurtado 
 Meredith Feurtado and Lynd Wheat 
 Rosemary Garipoli, Bill O'Connor, and Susie O'Connor 
 Sigourney Weaver, Maureen Chilton, Marian Heiskell, Gregory Long, and Lynden Miller 
 Caroline Wamsler and Dewayne Phillips 
 Jose Ramon Reyes, Peter Herink, Jill Joyce, Wini Kinney, Sam Kinney, and Jennifer Wakeford 
 Jennifer Rominiecki, Mish Tworkowski, and Dawn MacNaughton 
 Maureen Chilton, Gregory Long, Wilson Roly Nolen, Tom Hubbard 
 Cosby George, Ann Johnson, Gregory Long, Gillian Miniter, and Patti Fast 
Dinner
The Enid A. Haupt Conservatory 
 Alison Tocci 
 David Moore 
 Andrew Tisch 
 Rainy arrivals 
 Justin Green, David Barse, Mark Selden, and Cliff Feldstein 
 Karen Rich Erlwein and Mary Ann Rich 
 Alyssa Renzi 
 Julia Belkin and Greg Lorberbaum 
 Danica Smith and David Solimine 
 David Winter and Annelise Petersonb 
 Lucy Barse, Lisa Barse, Elinor Barse, and David Barse 
 Cheryl Bodian 
 Charlotte Tisch and Andrew Tisch 
 Binta Niambi Brown, Stewart Lane, Bonnie Comley and Ed Adler, and Sam Benjamin 
 Henry S. Schleiff and Paul Fribourg 
 Shari and Ed Adler 
 Dr.Lori Warren 
 Rich Werman, Mark Kemp, and David Barse 
 Willie Nile 
 David Broza 
 Paula Cole 
 Marshall Crenshaw 
The crowd taking it in
 Nicole Miller 
 Jon Batiste 
 Jon Batiste and G.E. Smith 
 Teddy Thompson 
 "All you need is Love" finale 
 Les Crystal interviews Tanenbaum Media Bridge-Builder honoree Charlie Rose 
 Tanenbaum Corporate Bridge-Builder Honoree Sir David Walker 
 Dinner Chair Maz Zouhairi 
 Tanenbaum Corporate Bridge-Builder Honoree Sir David Walker and Georgette F. Bennett 
 Steve Resnick presents The Adam Solomon Award for Excellence to Erin Boyaijian, Nelson Monroe, and Delia Kim 
 Performer Ivan Rutherford 
 Alan Marcelli, Linda Marcelli, Lucky Lee, and Josh Wanless 
 Tanenbaum Founder & President Georgette F. Bennett, Alan Bandler, Joshua-Marc Tanenbaum, and Richard Smith 
 Cathie Hartnett and Avis Richards 
 Tony Lopinto, Susan Lopinto, and Ali Walker 
 Sapreet Kaur with Harinder and TJ Bindra 
 TJ Huntley and Gail Nunes 
 Sir David Walker, Harvey Krueger, and Leonard Polonsky, C.B.E. 
 Fran and Ronald Green 
 Tanenbaum Peacemaker in Action Dr. Ephraim Isaac, Dr. Alessandro Di Rocco, Tanenbaum CEO Joyce S. Dubensky, and guest
 Sir David Walker, Dinner Chair Georgette F. Bennett, and Tanenbaum CEO Joyce S. Dubensky 
 Sir David Walker, Dinner Chair Georgette F. Bennett, Charlie Rose, Tanenbaum CEO Joyce S. Dubensky, and Dinner Host Howard Milstein and Les Crystal 
 Dinner Host Howard Milstein and Former New York City Comptroller William C. Thompson Jr 
 Monika Machon and guests 
 Mark L. Wagar, Dinner Chair 
 Rev. Gregory Johnson 
 MJ Kronfeld, Joshua-Marc Tanenbaum, Les Crystal, and Charlie Rose 
 Harinder Bindra and Susan Filan 
 The 2014 Designers 
 Michael Dowling, Paul Guenther, Carol Alt, Richard Goldstein, William Mack, and Daniel Crown 
 Phyllis and William Mack 
 Ross Klein, Marcia Mishaan, Bebe Neuwirth, Tom Lampson 
 Barbara Page Glatt, Anne Jameson, Esra Munnell and Jack Ovadia 
 Mr. and Mrs. John Griffin and Steven Hormozdi, MD 
 Cary Kravet and Lisa Kravet 
 Lloyd Goldman, Patricia Fisher, and Peter Worth 
 Tony Manning, Neal Beckstedt, Meg Braff, and Jamie Drake 
 Boo Gemes, Ken Gemes, and Sidney Gemes 
 Caleb Anderson, Jamie Drake, and Brett Williams 
 Joe Moinian, Nazee Moinian, Mitchel Moinian, and Sasha Bikoff 
 Ed Roos, Marianne Evans, and Michael Kuh 
The dinner scene at New York Restoration Project's 13th Annual Spring Picnic.
Under the tent for dinner
 General Grant National Memorial in Riverside Park lit up for the occasion
 Dr. Mehmet Oz, Michael Kors, Bette Midler, Marlo Thomas, Chirlane McCray, and Bill de Blasio 
 Bette Midler and Bill de Blasio 
 Amy Poehler 
 David Buskin and Robert Wuhl 
 Bette Midler and Bill de Blasio 
 Bette Midler, Dr. Richard Levine, Ellen Levine, and Marlo Thomas 
 Amy Poehler, Bette Midler, and Cynthia Nixon 
 Martin Von Haselburg and Richard Levine 
 Jamee Gregory and Karen LeFrak 
 Elizabeth Peabody, William Hamilton 
 John Meeks, Margo Nederlander, and Jim Aman 
 Judy Katz and Bernadette Peters 
 Benjamin Needell 
 Lance LePere and Elissa Santisi 
 Liz Smith, William Hamilton, and Elizabeth Peabody 
 Margo McNabb Nederlander, James Nederlander Jr., and Bette Midler 
 Michael Kors and Lance LePere 
 Nancy Poses, Nadine Eller-Thorpe, and Fred Poses 
 Robert Wuhl, Sophie Von Haselburg, Tim Gunn, Cynthia Nixon, Bill de Blasio, and Brian Sawyer 
 Sophie Von Haselburg, Tim Gunn, Brian Sawyer, and Martin Von Haselburg 
 Elisabeth Holder Raberin, Pierre-Antoine Raberin, and Daniel Boulud
           
          
 Pierre-Antoine Raberin, Daniel Boulud, and Elisabeth Holder Raberin
           
          
 Philippe Delgrange and Marie-Monique Steckel
           
          
 Philippe Delgrange, Pierre-Antoine Raberin, Marie-Monique Steckel, Elisabeth Holder Raberin, and Daniel Boulud
           
          
 Pierre-Antoine Raberin, Jimmy Leclerc, Elisabeth Holder Raberin, and Fabien Brunet 
 Matthew Bird, Mélanie Bouvard, Stephanie Binder-Elbaz, and Benjamin Elbaz 
 Jean-Claude Gruffat, Marie-Monique Steckel, Nabil Chartouni, Patrick Baugier de Chevestre, and Benjamin Elbaz 
 Nathalie Sann Regnault and James G. Brooks Jr. 
 Marie-Noëlle Pierce, John Pierce, and friend
 Cecilia Pelloux and Clémence von Mueffling
 Dovile Drizyte and Eric Mourlot 
 Patrick Baugier de Chevestre, Nefissa Attard, and Cacho Falcon 
 Claire Gudefin 
 Simon Schama and Lewis Lapham 
 Lewis Lapham and Glenn Close 
 Maggie Gyllenhaal reading Anna Karenina 
 Taylor Mac and Chris Giarmo performing "In the Gloaming" 
 Laurie Eustis and Lewis Lapham 
 George and Kristen Lund 
 Glenn Close and Jonathan Groff 
 Doug Knight and Shelley Ambrose
 Carmella Kletjian, Hansel Tookes, and Tessa Hadlock 
 Georgia Shreve and Donald Hannan 
 Brian d’Arcy James,  Laurie Eustis, and Leslie Odom Jr.
 Frank Flynn and Gail Harper 
 Alec Baldwin, Georgia Shreve, Lewis Lapham, and Ralph Nader 
 Jonathan Groff, Glenn Close, and Public Theater Artistic Director Oskar Eustis
 Debby Landesman and Marsha Gordon 
 Mark Fabry and Gail Harper 
 Jake Fox, Nellie McKay, and Rachel Dratch 
 Raymond Lamontagne and Nicole Seidel 
Alyssa Renzi, Peter Gelb, John Rubey, and Leah Lane
John Rubey
Joe Benincasa
Leah Lane
 Robert Pinnock, Bob Homeyer.Joshua Tannis, and Noah Diamond
Matt  Curiano, Joshua Tannis, Robert Pinnock, Noah Diamond, and Bob Homeyer
Matt Curiano and Melody Jane
Ariela Pizza
Michael Goldfried
Abe Goldfarb aka Bastard Keith
Lady Rizo
Richard Jay-Alexander and Robert Diamond
Leah Lane, Stewart F.Lane, Bonnie Comley, Lenny Lane, and Frankie Lane
Jennifer and Robert Diamond
Eric Duke, John Rubey, and Lenny Laxer 
Andrew Leynse and Stewart F.Lane
Eric Duke, Peter Gelb, John Rubey, and Lenny Laxer
Matt Curiano and Melody Jane
Tony LoBianco



  The scene at The Frick Collection's Spring Garden Party, Sprezzatura: A Celebration of Italian Renaissance Poetry and Style.



 Frick Trustee Aso O. Tavitian, Frick Trustee Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani, Chairman of the Frick Board of Trustees Margot Bogert, Frick Trustee Barbara Fleischman, and Frick Director Ian Wardropper 
 Wendy Cooke, Roquelle Lynn, and Elizabeth Baltz 
 Bill Cunningham shooting Neil Totton and Stella-Maria Matzari 
 Jazz Band "The Flail" performing in the Garden 
 Neil Totton and Stella-Maria Matzari 
 Kate Falchi, Christina Eberli, Juliet Falchi, Alex Falchi, and Alexandra Brock 
 Eileen and Frederick Hill 
 Christina Eberli, Kate Falchi, Juliet Falchi, and Alexandra Brock 
 Blue Quail Wine provided the wine
 Roberto Camacho and Yan Wang 
 Benjamin Riley and Sarah Hylton 
 Kate and Barbara Reibel 
Hardwick Caldwell, Andrew Fenet, and Jameson McFadden
 Redmond Ingalls, Jennifer Macdonald, and Elizabeth Belfer 
 Barbara de Portago and James Figg III 
 Sam and Martha Loring 
 Livia Cheung and Cheuk Lai Choi 
 Turna Franz, Tim Franz, Soham Sen, and Carlton Bennett 
 Frederick and Lucy Danziger, Teresa Carbone, Frick Deputy Director and Chief Operating Officer Robert Goldsmith 
 Joshua Knowlton and Alexandra Longanecker 
 Frick Deputy Director of External Affairs Tia Chapman and Peter Brechter 
 Christey Robinson and Carl Krebs 
 Jamee and Peter Gregory 
 Sharon Sharma Patal, Lydia Fenet, Morgan Tupper, Kate Reibel, and Lacary Sharpe 
 Barbara Reibel, Sandeep Mathrani, and Frick Trustee Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani 
 Frick Chief Conservator Joseph Godla, Frick Associate Curator of Decorative Arts Charlotte Vignon, Lucy Jane Lang, and Scott Asher 
 Jane Pakenhal and Paul Arnhold 
 Caitlin Davis and Amory McAndrew 
 Mick and Caitlin Davis 
 Alan Wintermute, Frick Trustee Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani 
 Sofia Blanchard, Frick Trustee Juan Sabater, and Marianna Sabater 
 Steven Picciano, Juliette Jeanfreu, Michael Espiritu, Tiffany Frasier, and Karl Yeh 
 Amanda Haynes-Dale, Daniele Bodini, Frick Director of the Center for the History of Collecting Inge Reist, Robert Freeman 
 Chris Peregrin and Sarah Maslin Nir 
 Frick Head of Human Resources Dana Winfield and Dana Ribe 
David Shields, Jameson McFadden, and Jerry Shields
 Arnold and Hilda Neis 
 Lawrence Keigwin, Amanda Haynes-Dale, and Christian Kessee 
 Guest and Sarah McNear 
 Oval Room Atmosphere 
 Frick Trustee Jean-Marie Eveillard and Jeremie Patrier 
 Guests, Chairman of Frick's Board of Trustees Margot Bogert, and Jerry Bogert 
 Jennifer Wright and Lisa Millman 
 Alessia Victoria Taveri, Morgan Arenson, and Daria Rose Foner 
 Frick Database Administrator Courtney Toumey, Frick Media Relations and Marketing Assistant Julia Lukacher, and Frick Manager of Media Relations and Marketing Alexis Light 
 Ivan and Winifred Phillips 
 Frick Associate Director of Media Relations and Marketing Heidi Rosenau and Joe McGlynn
 Peter Hermann 
 Carl Folta, Mariska Hargitay, and Niels Schuurmans 
 Mariska Hargitay and Christina Davidson 
 Coco, Ice-T, and Kelli Giddish 
 Lilly Pino and Danny Pino 
 Mariska Hargitay, Philippe Dauman, Debbie Dauman, and Maile Zambuto 
 Kym Worthy and A C Wharton 
 David Katz, Lenore Fedore, Mariska Hargitay, Michelle McCrea, and David Corpuz 
 Debra Lee 
 Hilaria Baldwin, Ruth Appelhof, and Kristina Lindhe 
 Carmen Baldwin and Hilaria Baldwin 
 Hilaria Baldwin, Ruth Appelhof, Kristina Lindhe, and John Maroney 
 Michelle Mesa, Genevieve Linnehan, John Maroney, and Cathryn Keller 
 Cole Rumbough 
 Michael Goldsmith and Harry 
 Josh Bartky, Oliver, and Eric Bartky 
 Keith McDonald, Betsy McDonald, and Tom Friedman 
 Alec Baldwin, Hilaria Baldwin, Kristina Lindhe, and Tommy Lindhe 
 Gary Adamek, Ruth Appelhof, Hilaria Baldwin, Kristina Lindhe, and Tommy Lindhe 
 Marty Cohen, Michele Cohen, Hilaria Baldwin, and Kristina Lindhe 
 Stephen Elrod, Tony Baratta, and John Maroney 
 Gopa Dobson and Jay Dobson 
 Danny Romanoff and Chris Sullivan 
 Mark Mullett, Kristina Lindhe, and Keith Bloomfield 
 Kendell Cronstrom, Antonella Bertello, and Alejandro Saralegui 
Camile Knoll, Jeff Fratarcangeli, Nicole Fratarcangeli, Sarah Herbert Galloway, Barry Klarberg, Jonathan Hadaya, and Gary Springer
Rod Gilbert, Dr. Richard Besser, and Errol Rappaport
Zach Gelman,  Elisabeth Cier, Gary Springer, Nicholas Springer, and Olivia Springer
Lucia Hwong Gordon
Bertie Lowenstein, Viivi Suominen, Errol Rappaport, Loraine Cancro,  and Aline Marie
Mike Laforgen, Ashley Goller, and Martin Sahuri
Liv Ullmann and Nicholas Springer
Bertie Lowenstein, Lorraine Cancro, Sarah Herbert Galloway, and Rita Cosby
Sarah Herbert Galloway, Gary Springer, and Heather Randall
Ella Reider, Justin Galloway, and Alana Galloway
Barry Klarberg, Sarah Herbert Galloway, Allie Strassberg, and Matt Klarberg
 Sandra McConnell,  Gigi Mahon, Gordon Hoppe, Fern Mallis, Scott  Sanders, John Bjornen, Sara Davison,  Rod Winterrowd, Byron James, Suzanne Caldwell, Maria Greenlaw, and Zoe Hoare at  ARF's 4th Annual Designer Showhouse.
 Sean Mellyn, Peter Wilson, and Scott Sanders 
 Maria Greenlaw and Suzanne Caldwell 
 John Bjornen, Scott Sanders, and Jamie Berger 
 Zoe Hoare 
 Byron James 
 Lauren Ezersky and Walin Schultz 
 Craig Napoliello and Annie Napoliello 
 Gigi Mahon, Gordon Hoppe, and Sandra McConnell 
 Mark Fichandler, Sara Davisson, and John Bjornen 
 Jackie Falkowski, Gary Mannes, and Wendy Peterson 
 Bette Smith, Larry Smith, Shari Thompson, and Robert Thompson 
 Maria Greenlaw, Pamela Eldridge, and Suzanne Caldwell 
 Leslie Stevens and Rich Ziegelasch 
 Fern Mallis and Peter Hallock 
 Barbara Slifka and Polly Bruckmann 
 Maria Greenlaw, Quinn Pofahl, Suzanne Caldwell, and Mark Caldwell 
 Kathy Rayner, Rod Winterrowd, and Sara Davisson 
 Byron James, Gigi Mahon, and Jader Martins 
 Patrick Campion, Dawn Clark, and Richard Ziegelasch 
 Rod Winterrowd 
 Tom Samet, Kelli Kot, Margaret Berlinska, and Jeff Pfeifle 
 Gordon Hoppe, Barbara Washkowitz, and Alan Washkowitz 
 Susan Kuhlman, Emily Washkowitz, and Adam Tarkan 
 Suzanne Syracuse, Sprout, Lee Syracuse, and Chloe 
 Florence Jones, Lisa McCarthy, and Sara Davison 
Table settings
 Dr. Ruth Gottesman 
 Dr. Judy Aschner, Alexandra Wilkis-Wilson, Julie Macklowe, and Christine Baranski 
 Jill Martin 
 Jackie Harris Hochberg, Carol Roaman, Andrea Stark, and Alison Brettschneider 
 Sarah Hughes 
 Ninah Lynne and Adrianne Silver 
 Harriette Rose Katz and Audrey Wilf 
 Uniting Against Lung Cancer President Mary Ann Tighe Dr. David Hidalgo, Will Tighe and Aaron Tighe
Bob Hohmann, Roxanne Donovan, Michelle Marie Zere, and Dr. Timothy Horan 
Vincent Welch, Shaina, and Cheryl Weisbrot
Jonathan and Laura Ehrlich, Elliot and Tom Scarangello, Leslie Harwood, David and Steve Ehrlich, and Franny McNeive (Credit Nancy Hassel)
Anthony and Jane D'Agostino
Ryan and Madeline Reynolds (right) fly kites with their cousins (left)
 Southampton Mayor Mark Epley and Marianne Epley 
June Howington, Lisa, Sal, and Janet and Fran Conigliaro 
Grace Murphy
 One To World Executive Director Deborah Clifford and David Heleniak 
 Fulbright grantee Nilofar Varzgani, Honoree Bob Moritz, and Frank Brown 
 Gabriel Levy, Honoree Áslaug Magnúsdóttir,  and Waris Ahluwalia 
 Honoree Fernando Napolitano and Fulbright grantee Riccardo Vittoria 
 Honoree John Zogby, Harriet Mayor Fulbright, and Fulbright grantee Vincent Ogutu 
 Former Executive Directors Margaret Shiba, Stacey Simon, and Tracy Snyder 
 Patricia and Lloyd Howell 
 Board Chair Wenke Thoman Sterns and Mariam Azarm 
 Michael Sperling, Robert Lapiner, Dario Cortes, and Sue Henderson 
 Edda Gudmundsdottir, Simon Elmalem, and Dorit Bar Or 
 Hugh Hogan Mayor Bill deBlasio, and Chirlane McCray 
 Priscilla Gonzalez accepts the Frederick Douglass Award on behalf of Communities United for Police Reform 
 Michael Waldman presents the North Star Award to Gail Furman 
 Vince Warren 
 Katherine Acey and Peggy Saika 
 Christina McInerney and Maggie Williams 
 Bertie Lumey, Lourdes Wan, and Art Chen 
 Shruti Garg, Tani Takagi, Peggy Saika, Marjorie Fujiki, and Laila Mehta 
 Melissa Bensinger, Tim Herzog, Jodi Lu Johnson, Asa Johnson 
 Lori Kodama and Rinku Sen 
 Hugh Hogan, Ruth Messinger, and Mark Green 
 Leone Hess, Andrea Barrow, Lloyd Martinez 
 Cynthia Nixon, Chirlane McCray, and Christine Marinoni 
 Bobby Cohen, Maddy DeLone, and Tamara Pittman 
 Deborah Van Amerongen, Michael Rooney, and Shola Olatoye 
 Richard Singer, Bill Traylor, and Oliver Chase 
 Anne Delaney and Gail Furman 
 Bets Edasery, Katherine Wolf, Ollie Cannell, and Asa Johnson 
 Maurice Mitchell and Jaron Benjamin 
 Nisha Atre, Andrew Goldman, and Art Richardson 
 Maggie Williams, James Schaffer, Elspeth Gilmore, and Helen Stillman 
 Andrea Batista Schlesinger, Katrina vandenHeuvel, and Hugh Hogan 
 Jeffrey Gannon, Board member Alvarez Symonette, and Justin Collins 
 Anya Rous and James Schaffer 
 Brooklyn Food Coalition Kady Ferguson leads the conga line 
 Nancy Romer and Winton Wedderburn 
 El Museo del Barrio's annual Gala at  Cipriani 42nd Street.
 Jorge Daniel Veneciano 
 Cucu Diamantes 
 Ikue Fenwick, Lex Fenwick, and Cucu Diamantes 
 El Museo Gala Chairs 
 Dr. William Haseltine, Maria Eugenia Maury, and Andy Unanue 
 Alejandro Ingelmo and Jessica Joffe 
 Susan Sarandon and Yaz Hernandez 
 Maria Eugenia Maury, Gabriela Isler, Cucu Diamantes, Jeisa Chiminazzi, and Grace Mahary 
 Jennifer Mora and Joseph Conforti 
 Dr. William Haseltine, Maria Eugenia Maury, Alejandro Ingelmo, Cucu Diamantes, and Andres Levin 
 Gabriel Rivera-Barraza, Alex Rodulfo, and PJ Pascual 
 Gabriela Isler 
 Jeiza Chiminazzo 
 Cathy Lopez Negrete, Alex Lopez Negrete, and Carmen Unanue 
 Cucu Diamantes, Yaz Hernandez and Catherine Petree Biron 
 Jean-Pierre Latrille and Yolanda Willmore Latrille 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Yaz Hernandez 
 Carolina Alvarez-Mathies, Carlos Campos, Gabriel Rivera Barraza, and Vanessa Lawrence 
 Jessica Joffe and Alejandro Ingelmo 
 Warren James, Jackie Horowitz, and Michael Brennan 
 Marie Unanue and Andy Unanue 
 Sarah Gore and Enrique Norten 
 Event Co-Chairs Debi Wisch, Meg Goodman, and Stacey Bronfman 
 Stacey Bronfman, Julie Macklowe, and Debi Wisch 
 Erika Shlomm, Holly Friedsam, and Beverly Bartfeld 
 Barbara Linhart, Debi Wisch, and Lisa Klein 
 Shari Aronson, Andrea Kramer, Tammy Levine, and Meg Goodman 
 Sharon Coplan Hurowitz 
 Fran Levy, Christine Campbell, and Sandra Nunnerley 
 Margie Loeb, Lauren Schor Geller, Simone Levinson, and Lise Evans 
 Margie Loeb, Jamie Mitchell, Harriet Croman, and Lois Robbins 
 Janet Robinson, Sister Therese Antone, Donald Christ, and Sister Jane Gerety, Ross Award Winners from Salve Regina University 
 Honorary Dinner Chair Janet Ross, ICAA President Peter Lyden, and ICAA Chair Mark Ferguson 
 Alyson Dick Zamith and Don Ruggles 
 Grant Marani and Michael Semenza 
 Radhika Navaratnarajah-Collier and Ross Award Winner Dennis Collier, Jr. 
 Natalie Jacobs, Suzanne Santry, and Vallette Windham 
 Cristiane Turl, Roy Zeluck, and Suzanne Tucker 
 Bagley Reid and Eleanor Alger 
 Lynne Scalo and Phillip Dodd 
 Christine Gore, Janet Ross, and Phillip Gore 
 Mark Ferguson and Bunny Williams 
 Robert A. M. Stern 
 Dan and Carol Strone 
 Susan Henshaw Jones, Theodore May, and Lucinda Ballard 
 Briana Miller and Joe Kais 
 Adele Chatfield-Taylor 
 Marc Appleton and Suzanne Santry 
 Amanda Haynes-Dale and Timothy Marks 
 Bunny Williams, Lloyd Zuckerberg, and John Rosselli 
 Ross Award Winner Stephen Fox and Betty Newton 
 Barbara Sallick and Michael Aiduss 
 Ross Award Winner David Schwarz 
 Ross Award Winner Edward Fraughton 
 Sister Jane Gerety 
 Michael Semenza, Sister Therese Antone, and Robert A. M. Stern 
 Andrew Law and Ali Coulter 
 Anne Walker
 Joanna Kerns 
 Daryl Davis 
 Anne Kriken Mann and Naoma Tate 
 Russell Windham and Board of Directors Honoree Jacob Collins 
 Samantha Topping Gellert,   Shirin Christoffersen, Kimberly Chandler, Michelle Marra,  Jennifer Evans, and Kimberly Klimczak
 Martha Stewart 
 Alexis Stoudemire and Amber Sabathia 
 Caroline and Karen LeFrak 
 Crystal McCrary,  Anne Harrison, Kimberly Chandler,  and Gillian Miniter
 Ellen Turchyn 
 Gillian Miniter and Anne Harrison 
 Paige Hardy 
 Sharon Teles, Paige Hardy, and Sarah Kurita
 Katie Enna and Andrew Balkam 
 Latitude 41 
Post  concert at Redeye Grill
 Alex Cook and Jarman Rogers 
 Curtis Young and Phaon Spurlock 
 Itta Tsunoda, Amy Tarr, Justin Turkat, and friends
 Katie Andrew, Salvatore Mautone, Haylee Zirman, and Katie Curtis 
 Vanessa Kargenian and Gail Patches 
 Patrick Darab, Elizabeth Baker, Jarman Rogers, Alex Cook, Kathleen Carmody, and Alexandra Baginski 
 Pierluigi Ricchiuti with Kim and Tim Hastie 
 Sahar Hakakian, Kim Setoodeh, Parswa Ansari, Alex Goldberg, and Azin Aliabadi 
 Samuel Ashner, Ludovica Ferme, Ryan Harper, and J. Brooks 
 Scotty Lester, Kito Huggins, Rob Shmalo, and friends
 Qianwei Zhang, Bonnie Bi, Jing Sun, and Bin Bin 
 Ernest Bryant Hinnant III and Tucker Caploe 
 Blakeslee Johnson and Ellie Doyle 
 Brian Tucei, Shalini Sharma, Nandita Mohile, and Andrew Waffenschmidt 
 Gail Patches and Ashok Parameswaran 
 Paula Zahn, Alex Witt, Robert Desiderio, Daryl Roth, Judith Light, America Ferrara, Herb Hamsher, and Thomas Robert at the 13th Annual Women Who Care Luncheon benefitting United Cerebral Palsy of NYC.
Mark Ackermann, Thom Browne, Sheila Nevins, and Jonathan Adler
Candace and Jonathan Wainwright
Jonathan Farkas, Somers Farkas, Michael Bruno, Kelly Killoren Bensimon, and John Demsey
Mark Locks
Thom Browne and Amy Fine Collins
Nicole Sexton, Gary Morris, and Chele Chiavacci
Marc Rosen and Anna Bergman
Ann Caruso, Frederick Anderson, and Alina Cho
Jonathan Adler and Liz Lange
Amy Fine Collins, Hamish Bowles, and Tory Burch
Simon Doonan and Flora Collins
Adrien Corbett and Lorry Newhouse
Mark Gilbertson and Michael Bruno
 Board Members Miyoung Lee, LaMae Allen de Jongh and Laurie M. Tisch 
 LaMae Allen de Jongh, Honoree Renee Edelman and Miyoung Lee 
 CMOM Executive Director Andrew Ackerman and Honorary Board Chair Laurie M. Tisch 
 Andrew and Ellen Celli 
 Cat Emil and David Emil 
 John, Renee and Richard Edelman with Laure M. Tisch 
 Judith and John Hannan 
 Kerri and Justin Hamill 
 Leslie Bushara, Mark Adkins and Wendy Sigurdson 
 Maurice and Andrea DuBois 
 Michael and Mimi Boublik 
 Rosalind and Richard Edelman (and daughters) 
 Shannon Bauer and Elliot Aronson 
 Teri Weiss, Nate Guild, Callie Siegel and Emily Madison 
Timothy Michael Cardinal Dolan and Ruth Woolard
Peter Johnson, Jr.
Melanie and Joseph Shugart
Jaclyn Scerbak and CJ de Nicola
Wendy Carduner, Kamie Lightburn, and Margot Takian
Polly Onet with Othon and Kathy Prounis
Amy Hoadley, Jack Lynch, and Alexis Waller
Cassandra Seiderfield and Katlean De Monchy
Ann Ruppe, Jane Told, and Sarah and Chips Page
Mark Gilbertson, Damien Lipman, and Bryan Colwell
Eleanora and Michael Kennedy
Annabella and Charles Murphy with Wendy Carduner
Mark Gilbertson and  Mary Van Pelt
 Virginia and Tony Montgomery
Michael Carney
Bob Hardwick
 Alex Whitt, Donna Hanover, Paula Zahn, Nicole Miller, Robin Givens, Susan Lucci, Loreen Arbus, and Tamsen Fadal 
 Anita Hollander 
 Daryl Roth 
 Judith Light, Loreen Arbus, America Ferrera, and Tamsen Fadal 
 Hannah Jacobs, Julia Monk, China Machado, and Judith Light 
 Scott Stanford, Tamsen Fadal, Theresa Priolo, Scott Woods, Alex Whitt, and Isaiah Whitlock Jr. 
 Jill Herzig 
 David Carpenter, Grace Carpenter, Sean Carpenter, and Lauren Carpenter 
 Judith Light, Sheila Lennon, and Kipton Cronkite 
 Mark Boekenheide and Julia Monk 
 Roxanne Cason and Lauren Day Roberts 
 Emcee and WNBC reporter Lynda Baquero and Jack Rubin 
 Ann Yaspan, Jack Rubin, Nakia Navarro 
 Nick Billotti, the night's honoree with Board President, Jack Rubin 
 Let's Get Ready Students 
 Nick and Beverly Billotti 
 Joanne Del Prete, Executive Director of Let's Get Ready Lauri Novick and Peter Rosten 
 Wendy Reiners and Kendall Hochman 
 Will Chai, Jung Chai, Oumou Jalloh 
 Lenore and Jeffrey Gould 
 John Chatzky and Debbie Mullen 
 Paula and Dan Reingold 
 Lenore Gould and and founder of Let's Get Ready, Jeannie Lang Rosenthal 
 Hanna, Emily, and Mike Cavanagh 
 Linnae Boyer amd Dan Schneider 
 Annabel Monaghan and Emily Cavanagh 
 Martha Coultrap, Harvey Bagg, Charlotte Coultrap-Bagg 
 Brian Dever, Leslie Berkovitz, Nancy Michaels, Lillian Hecht 
 Mildred Fabian, Anya Cole 
 Carolina and Jim Johnson and Cynthia Humphrey 
 Nick Billotti and Nelson Chai 
 Mike and Nick Billotti 
 Cocktails at The Metropolitan Club
            for The Animal Medical Center's Sixth Annual Living Legends Luncheon.
 Elaine Fuchs, Judy Berkowitz, Lulu Wang, Robin Chemers Neustein, Carol Einiger, and Sydney Shuman 
 Alexis Phelps and Courtney Rae 
 Caroline Weber and Samantha Boardman 
 Christine Schwarzman 
 Claude Wasserstein and Marcia Mishaan 
 Cindy Whitehead and Karen de Saint Phalle 
 Debbie DeCotis and Jeanne Fisher 
 KT McFarland 
 Pia Norris, Bobbi Coller, Cynthia Whitehead, and Judy Berkowitz 
 Shirin von Wulffen and Marjorie Gubelman 
 Marjorie Gubelmann, Samantha Boardman, Rosen, Tory Burch, and Gigi Mortimer 
 Sydney Shuman, Pat Rosenwald, Judy Berkowitz, and Lulu Wang 
 Mady Harman and Karen Kennedy 
 Amy Falls Rogers, Kim Merlin, and Frances Metrick 
 Caroline Weber, Peggy Noonan, Nancy Kissinger, and Nicole Selgiman 
 Olivia Flatto and Cheryl Krongard 
 Splash, 2014 Living Legend 
 Joe Bowerman with Snoot and AMC donor, Rita Hertzig 
 Joe Bowerman and Snoot, 2014 Living Legend 
 Gleniss Schonholz,  Luncheon Co-Chair Barbara Hoffman, Marion Buchner, and Julie Berman 
 David Ford, AMC Trustee, and Kate Coyne
 Kate Coyne,  Tina Flaherty, AMC Trustee, and Patty Francy 
 Martin Nussbaum, Kane Nussbaum, Living Legend Luncheon co-chair, and Dr. Ann Hohenhaus, AMC Veterinarian 
 Blair Borthwick, Barri Lieberman, and Cass Adelman, AMC Trustee 
 Liz Moore and AMC Trustee and Kate Townsend 
 The Honorable Sidney Stein and Helene Stein, Luncheon Co-Chair 
 Lori Marrianacci, Living Legend Luncheon Co-Chair Joanne Ronson,   and Wendy Miller 
 Living Legend Luncheon Co-Chair Eva Usdan (center) with Dr. Carly Bloom, AMC Veterinarian 
 Betsey Gotbaum, Nancy Kissinger, AMC Trustee, and Dr. Richard Goldstein, Chief Medical Officer of The AMC 
 Elaine Beckerman, Barbara Hoffman,  and friend
 Farah Moinian, Glenn Close, Stephanie Moinian, Vajihe Soleymani, and Vanda Tuberga 
 Charlotte Farber and Dana Buchman 
 Giuseppe Bruno and Jeffrey Lieberman 
 Rosemarie Lieberman, Steven Rosenfeld, and Lori Rosenfeld 
 Ginny Millhiser, Charlotte Ford, Jeffrey Lieberman, Monica Sagner, and Anne Ford 
 Andrew Solomon, Glenn Close, Jeffrey Lieberman, Dana Buchman, Rosemarie Lieberman, Jill Goldman, and Lee Goldman 
 Petra Stelling, Rosemarie Lieberman, Jeffrey Lieberman, and Vanessa Timken-Stelling 
 Farah Moinian, Monica Sagner, Rosemarie Lieberman, Vajihe Soleymani, Shirin Moinian, and Charlotte Kashani 
 Kelly Posner, Farah Moinian, and Patricia Ramonas 
 Linda Coleman, Andrea McNulty, Kathy Ambrosiano, Laura DeLuca, Patricia Ramonas, and Claire Renga 
 Monica Sagner, Patricia Ramonas, Rosemarie Liberman, and Marilyn Friedland 
 Claudia Jackman, Marianne Mebane, Marilyn Friedland, Rosemarie Lieberman, Monica Sagner, and Ana de Azevedo 
 Karen Hsu, Annette Swanstrom, Masako Shinn, and Monica Sagner 
 Rosemarie Lieberman, Jerry Finkel, George Handran, and Annette Swanstrom 
 Brigitt Rok and Lyn Paulsin 
 Lisa Gentil, Teresa Melhado, Rosemarie Lieberman, Brigitt Rok, and Mary Elliot 
 Jeffrey Lieberman, George Handran, and Jerry Finkel 
 Charlotte Ford, Jeffrey Lieberman, and Anne Ford 
 Sarah Long Solomon, Jeffrey Lieberman, and Sarah Billinghurst 
 Lyanne Saperstein, Jeffrey Lieberman, Astrid Fleischhacker, Claudia Jackman, and Rosemarie Lieberman 
 Andrew Solomon, Glenn Close, and Jeffrey Lieberman 
 Jeanine Ramonas, Patricia Ramonas, and Jennifer Weis Monsky 
 Lisa Gentil and Teresa Melhado 
 Shahzad Moghaddam, Lea Cohen, Ania Nassimi, Shirin Moinian, Shifra Mokhtarzadeh, Shifra Mokhtarzadeh, and Edna Shamsian 
 Giuseppe Bruno and Marianne Mebane 
 Monica Sagner, Karen Hsu, and Maria Esperanza Hernandez 
 Claudia McNulty-Jensen, Joe Jensen, and Jennifer Buckner 
 Rosemarie Lieberman, Mary Elliot, Ginny Millhiser, and Mary Goldschmid 
 Lila Alizadeh, Sarah Long Solomon, Audrey Dinkeloo, Nina Matza, and Nancy Feinglass 
 Jill Goldman, Lee Goldman, Glenn Close, Andrew Solomon, Dana Buchman, Charlotte Faber, and Donna Hanover 
 Betina Farkas and Leonardo Farkas 
 Kitty de Chazal, Elena Paterson, and Elizabeth Hoguet 
 Betsy Kahn, Lori Rosenfeld, and Diane Finnerty 
 Patsy Kahn and Dana Buchman 
 Jeffrey Lieberman, Betina Farkas, and Leonardo Farkas 
 Patricia Rosenwald and Frederic Adler 
 Michael Tusiani and Giuseppe Bruno 
 Jeffrey Lieberman, Glenn Close, Sarah Long Solomon, and Andrew Solomon 
 Phillippa Burke and Patricia Ramonas 
 James Capozzi and Farah Moinian 
Dr. Ken Roberts, Norman Roberts, Dr. Lucien Côté, and Joanne Côté
Margo Catsimatidis and Isobel Konecky 
Stephanie Goldman-Pittel 
Amy Heon, Beverly Fox, Ginger Morgan, Dr. Dennis Heon, Howard Morgan, and Richard Baiocco
Adeline Gersen and Victor Aviles 
Peter Dorn , Nancy Ozelli, and Daniel Schiffman
Dr. Stanley Fahn and Charlotte Fahn 
Christina Geist and Willie Geist 
Jim McNasby, Donny Moss, and Dr. Hiral Shah 
Dr. Lewis Rowland and Esther Rowland 
Connie Atwell, Dr. Un Kang, Young Hae Kang, and Ron Schuch 
Susan Weil and Robert Granat 
Penn Egbert, Judi Egbert, and Robin Elliott 
Cheryl Streich, Bob Benjamin, Rob Streich, and Cornelia Foss 
Dr. Karen Burke Goulandris and Dr. Karen Marder
Scotty Wardell, Maxine Lang, Susan Fromm, John Fitzsimons, Karen  Fitzgerald, Laurie Dhue, Dr. Harris Stratyner, Jay Springer, Todd  Whitmer, Judy Ryan, Miles Rubin, and Allen Arrow

Dorothy Morse, Jim Morse, John Fitzsimons, and Dr. Harris Stratyner

 Frankie Valli and Paul Williams 
 Vin Son, Gjysta Camaj, Donia Alberran, Karen Pasternak, Sarah Glaswand, Robin Styer, Gina Romanelli, and Karen Curtain 
 Trudy Avery, Marcy Zimmerman,and Elise Gold 
 Richard and Karen LeFrak 
 Cornelia Bregman and Rick Friedberg 
 2014 Museum Dance Chairs: Michael and Nina Patterson, Gregory and Ali Kwiat, Michael Kaufman and Kristen Edgreen Kaufman, Jonathan and Elizabeth and Kurpis, and Kipp and Colleen deVeer
 Music by JUS SKE
 Dinner in the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life
 The after-party
 Yan Assoun and Lana Smith
 Chairs Michael Kaufman and Kristen Edgreen Kaufman
 Yan Assoun, Yung Hee Kim, Di Mondo, Claudia Avendano, Eric Javits Jr., and Polina Proshkina
 Carney and Melissa Hawks
 Lisa and John Cokinos with DeNora and Mark Getachew
 Barbara Regna and Di Mondo
 Chair Michael Kaufman, Major Gregory Edgreen, and Chair Kristen Edgreen Kaufman
 Noreen Ahmad and Shruti Ganguly
 Eric Javits Jr. and Di Mondo
 Chair Elizabeth Kurpis, Julia Loomis, and Ionela Thomas dancing
 Dionisio Fontana and Lana Smith
 Chairs Alexandra and Gregory Kwiat
 Zibby and Andrew Right
 Kimberly Chien and Eric Schwesinger
 Kristy Morrone
 Jessica Amiel, Alexandra Milstein, Katie Kremnitzer, Susy Schieffelin
 Stephanie Brag and Nedenia Hutton Craig
 Jemima Kirke and Michael Mosberg
 Danielle Williams and Yvette Schmitter
 William Sinclair and Brooke Botsford
 Museum Curator Michael Shara with Morgan and David Shara
 Jonathan Right and Jessica Cosmus with friends
 Seth Meyers
 Laughter during Seth Meyer's performance
 Jamie Niven
 Alexi Ashe Meyers, Claudia Overstrom, Martha Glass, Maria Villalba, and Lisa McCarthy
 Dr. Craig Thompson and Dr. Tullia Lindsten
 Alexi Ashe Meyers, Seth Meyers
 Taylor Yunker, Nicholas Gennis, and Martina Fourcade
 Lisa and David Klein
 Martha Glass (center) and GRAFF Models
 Shoshanna Gruss
 Susan and Dr. Charles Sawyers
 Robyn and Ken Jospeh
 Clelia and Tom Zacharias
 Catherine Carey
 Andrew and Kathy Thomas
 Tom and Karen Glover
 Jamie Tisch and Perri Peltz
 Diandra Douglas
 Bambi Putnam and Bill Heidrich
 Charlotte and Alexandra Lebenthal
 Simon and Tina Beriro
 Michael and Eleanora Kennedy
 Shoshanna Gruss and Patricia Lansing
 Chloe Malle and Dr. Lisa Airan
 Becca Bull and Alexi Ashe Meyers
 Susan and Coleman Burke
 Liz and Jeff Peck
 Simone Mailman
 Wilbur and Hilary Geary Ross
 Peter and Jamee Gregory
 Dancing
 Dr. Mitchell Rosenthal and Kenneth Dudek
 Alexandra Herzan, Carolyn MacKenzie, Anne Mai, Ilyse Wilpon, Mary Pedersen, Podie Lynch, Kitty de Chazal, and Patricia Begley 
 Carmel Fromson and Alexandra Herzan
 Dr. Mitchell Rosenthal and Lorna Hyde Graev
 Consuelo Mack
 Evelyn Lorentzen Bell, George Beane, and Michelle Gerber Klein
 Elizabeth Paul, Jane Poole, and Caroline MacKenzie
 Lorna Hyde Graev and Larry Graev
 Florence Peyrelongue and Stacey Lowenthal
 Ilyse Wilpon and Arlene Salomon
 Barry Osborn, Marianne Cattier, and Sally Peters
 Judy Finneran and Janice Doty
 Mark Gilbertson and Mary Pedersen
 Janie  and Bunny Beekman
 Laurie Barry, Guy De Chazal, and Kitty De Chazal
 Podie Lynch and Patricia Begley
 Sydney Shuman, Missie Rennie Raylor, and Sharon Handler Loeb
 Laura Tanny Huang and Marjorie Reed Gordon
 Zibby Tozer and Lynn Nicholas
 Joy Ingham, Nina Hilbert, and Anne Barish
 Gene Williams
 Rebecca and Chiara Mai
 Mark Gilberston and Emilia Saint-Amand
 Beth Hicks and Hamilton Kean
 Marjorie Wilpon and Gloria Cohen
 Katie Zorn and Benita Potters
 Dr. Mitchell Rosenthal, William Cope Moyers, Jane Rosenthal, and Dr. Shari Lusskin
Holiday House Hamptons Designers
The Dankner family
Rayon Black, Daniel Lombardi, Nazneed Ahmed, Lidwine Rupp, and Marco
Pamela Eldridge and Marianne Howatson with a friend
Dagmara Wienberg and Gregory Allan Cramer
Campion Platt, Marianna Howatson, Nazneed Ahmed, and Iris Dankner
Barbara Schorr, David Kronman, Iris Dankner, Craig
Kimberly Guilfoyle, Campion Platt, and Susan Shin
Amanda Gluck and Madeline Wolf
Marianne Howatson, Nazneen Ahmed, and Kendell Cronstrom
Serniqua Dougherty, Paulo Pantaloni, and Ally Coulter
 Under the tent at the 29th Mount Sinai Crystal Party.
The beautifully decorated tent at the Central Park Conservatory Garden 
Victor Franklin and Carla Harris
Keith Marran, Jr. and David Reich, MD, President, The Mount Sinai Hospital and Mount Sinai Queens
Jonathan and Darcie Crystal
Audrey Genden, DDS and Eric Genden, MD, Doctor Chairs
Ken Wyse and Alice Netter
Ken Davis, MD, CEO and President, Mount Sinai Health System, Steve Hochberg, Trustee/Co-Chair, and Peter W. May, Chairman, Boards of Trustees
Stacey and Eric Mindich
 Sharon Gianelli and Arthur Gianelli, President, Mount Sinai St. Luke's 
 Joan and Joel Picket 
 Marc and Jennifer Lipschultz with Hillary Lane Hochberg and Steve Hochberg 
Steve Hochberg and Hillary Lane Hochberg, Crystal Party Chairs
 Marc and Jennifer Lipschultz, Crystal Party Chairs 
David Somerville and Susan Somerville, President, Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Don Kastenbaum, MD, and Cindie Kastenbaum, Doctor Chairs
Carolyn Sicher, PsyD, and Aaron Woolf
Lisa and Jeff Blau
Scott Goldsmith, MD, Elisa Port, MD, and James Tisch
Andrew and Zibby Right
 Andrea and Dennis Charney, MD,  Dean, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai 
Glenn Dubin and Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD
Lin Mo, President, Mount Sinai Beth Israel Brooklyn, and Joan Mo
 Church of the Intercession, Broadway and W. 155th St 
 Sheila Klehm, Bonnie Pfeifer Evans, Donna Corbat, and Pat Kerr Tigrett 
 Michael Corbat, CEO of Citi and his wife, Donna, one of the evening's chairwomen 
 The three princes: Shadrach, Mesach, Abednego 
 The cast performing Benjamin Britten's one hour long opera "The Burning Fiery Furnace" 
 The Cast in procession 
 Robert DeNiro and Grace Hightower 
 Yanna Avis and Alexandra Schlesinger 
 Lauren Ezersky and Stephen Burrows, who designed the costumes 
 Robert and Alisa Roever with Rita Schraeger 
 Model Alva Chinn in vintage Stephen Burrows 
 Lloyd Williams and Lois LeBlanc 
 Delphine de Causans 
 Yanna Avis, Christophe deMenil, and Oliver Herring 
 Band leader, Jason D, who is Jerry Lee Lewis' son 
 DeeDee Eustace and Bobby Genovese 
 Maya Haile and Marcus Samuelson 
 Jonathan Marder and Jill Sackler 
 Donna Corbat and Jeremy Tepper 
 Jeremy Tepper and Pat Kerr Tigrett 
 Museum Chairman Robert M. Morgenthau, Mrs. Lily Safra, Museum Director Dr. David G. Marwell, and Chairman-Elect Bruce Ratner 
 Museum Chairman-Elect Bruce Ratner, Museum Chairman Robert M. Morgenthau, Mrs. Lily Safra, and Museum Director Dr. David G. Marwell 
 Giora Schmidt, violin and Rohan De Silva, piano 
 Cecile and Ezra Zilkha 
 Cliff Salm, Museum Trustee Rita Lerner, Samantha Zimmerman, and Andrew Silverman 
 Leslie and Jerry Bergson 
 Lynn Ohrenstein and Senator Manfred Ohrenstein 
 Marian and Stephen E. Kaufman, Vice Chair of  the Museum 
 Museum Trustee Jeffrey E. Tabak (third from left, standing) and members of his family 
 On the Promenade of the David H. Koch Theater 
 Kristen Bell and Aaron Lazar performing an excerpt from Carousel
 Choreographer and NYCB Soloist Justin Peck 
 NYCB Ballet Master in Chief Peter Martins with former NYCB Principal Dancers Jacques d'Amboise, Karin von Aroldingen, Jillana, Allegra Kent, Conrad Ludlow, Kay Mazzo, Patricia McBride, Arthur Mitchell, Mimi Paul, Suki Schorer, Edward Villella, and Patricia Wilde
 Event chairmen Earle and Carol Mack, David and Ide Dangoor, and Liz and Jeff Peek 
 NYCB Board Member Lesley Stahl 
 Caroline Issa and designer Prabal Gurung 
 Nev Schulman 
 David Michalek and NYCB Principal Dancer Wendy Whelan
 NYCB Principal Dancer Ashley Bouder 
 Kristen Bell 
 Julia and David Koch 
 NYCB Board Chairmen Emeriti Barry Friedberg, John Vogelstein, Howard Solomon, and Eugene Grisanti 
 Jill and Harry Kargman 
 Valentino
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Allison Sarofim 
 NYCB Principal Dancers Sara Mearns, Tiler Peck, and Robert Fairchild 
 Diana DiMenna and Tiffany Moller 
 Elisabeth Cohen, MD, Kenand Elaine Langone, Lisa Pevaroff Cohn, Gary Cohn, Robert I. Grossman, MD and dean, CEO, NYU Langone 
 Ken Langone, Gary Cohn, Lisa Pevaroff-Cohn, and Robert I. Grossman, MD, dean and CEO NYU Langone 
 NYU Langone 2014 Violet Ball 
 Brad Wechsler and Patty Newberger 
 Daniel Sundheim, Marielle Safra, Brett Sundheim, Kelly Kennedy Mack, and Stephen Mack 
 Gary Cohn and Ken Langone 
 John Sexton, Klara and Larry Silverstein 
 Mark Adelman, MD, David and Lori Schlanger 
 Phyllis Putter Barasch, Marty Silver, and Connie Silver, PhD 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD, dean and CEO NYU Langone, Eileen Newman 
 Tom Tisch, Ken Langone, Jan Vilcek, MD, PhD, and Martin Lipton 
 Veronique Bich, Elisabeth Cros, Ambassador Francois Delattre, Marguerite Mangin, and Imssy Klebe 
 Michelle Klein, Consul General of France  Bertrand Lortholary, and Marguerite Mangin 
 Mark Ellwood and Sara Nestor 
 Mathilde Grosgogeat, Laurent Grosgogeat, and Clemence Grosgogeat 
 Verane De Marffy and Diane Ackerman 
 Marc Somnolet, Alexandra Somnolet, Christopher Fox, Carla Somnolet, and Ricardo Vollbretchausen 
 Veronique Bich, Elizabeth Stribling, and Guy Robinson 
 Christiane Gruffat and Jean-Claude Gruffat 
 Richard Ortoli, Anne de Louvigny, and Arnaud de Vienne 
 Joost De Muinck, Imssy Klebe, and Jaime Jimenez 
 Dr. Karin Hehenberger and Jean Denoyer 
 Lily OBoyle, Tracey Ling, and Nathalie Dinoia Mantine 
 Barbara Mandell and Andrew Mandell 
 Exe. Director Joseph Patuleia with Honorees Elaine Turner, Laura Vela, Yliana Yepez, and Chuck Scarborough 
 Admiring the bags 
 Karen Klopp, Miss New York, and Susan Meyer 
 Stephanie Foster, Alexia Hamm Ryan, Stephanie Brag, and Nedenia Hutton Craig 
 Courtney Trent and Mark Gilbertson 
 Wendy Carduner, Muffie Potter Aston, and Alexia Hamm Ryan 
 Yliana Yepez 
 Nancy Sambuco and Claudia Overstrom 
 Muffie Potter Aston and Alexandra Lind Rose 
 Ann Unterberg, Susan Nitze, and Kari Tiedeman 
 Caroline Dean 
 ASF President Edward P. Gallagher, Honoree Monika A. Heimbold, with Gala Chairs Rabby and Kristján Ragnarsson, ASF Board Chair Bente Svensen Frantz, First Lady of Iceland Dorrit Moussaieff, and H.E. Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson, President of Iceland 
 ASF President Edward P. Gallagher and Liv Ullmann 
 Gala Vice-Chair Joanna Heimbold with Gala Chairs Dr. Kristján and Rabby Ragnarsson 
 Kaija Saariaho and Gala Vice-Chair Carl Gustaf Ehrnrooth 
 Mark Frantz, Bente Svensen Frantz, Liv Ullmann, and Donald Saunders 
 Mary Ellen and Richard Oldenburg 
 Sharon Loeb, Niels Vildbrad, Dr. Khurram Jamil, and Dr. Ulrik Juul Christensen 
 Inger McCabe Elliott (left) with Marit and Lars Kulleseid 
 Juliette Hentic, Barbara Regna, Agnes Ahlander Turner, and Katherine Thornburgh 
 Lena Kaplan with her daughter, Kristina Wallison 
 Anssi Karttunen and Maire Gullichsen-Ehrnrooth 
 Katie and James Stewart 
 Peter and Barbara Regna 
 Thomas Cho, Sheryl Adkins-Green, Marie Swisher, Deanna Fell, Steven Webster, Priscilla Ober, and Rusty Wright at Pratt Institute's Art of Packaging Award Gala.
 Honoree Paul J. Massey Jr. and Gretchen Massey 
 Eric Gabbard and Steven Reineke 
 Aaron Tveit, Katharine McPhee, and Marc Shaiman 
 Renee Puente and Matthew Morrison 
 Andy Cohen and Jenifer Lewis 
 Laura Bell Bundy and Tom Meehan with guests
 Laura Bell Bundy and John Hill 
 Marc Shaiman and Executive Director Anne M. Swanson 
 Martin Short and Victor Garber 
 Montego Glover and Julia Murney 
 Nathan Lane and Corey Reynolds 
 John Pizzarelli and Jessica Molaskey 
 Nikki Blonsky and Adam Shankman 
 Ricki Lake, John Waters, Nikki Blonsky, and Marissa Jaret Winokur 
 Nina Griscom and Frances Schultz 
 Kamie Lightburn, Peter Blanchard, Sofia Blanchard, John Danzer, and Mary Van Pelt 
 Alexandra Porter and Lucy Day 
 Alison Spear and Alex Reese 
 Alison and Geoffrey Strong 
 Barbara Regna and Emily Leonard 
 Blair Voltz Clarke, Martin Dessoffy, and Sandee Witt 
 Brian Lym, Julie Lang, Peter Olson, and Scot Medbury 
 Chiara Ferragamo and Victor Geraci 
 Edwina von Gal and Wayne Nordberg 
 Henry Johnson, Susan Johnson, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Frances Schultz, Hunt Slonem, Jenny du Pont, and Matko Tomicic 
 Jared Goss and  Anne Shearman-Betts 
 Mario Nievera, Audrey Dispigna,and Dan Dispigna 
 Marc Rosen, Sheryl Adkins-Green, and Thomas Schutte 
 Thomas Schutte, Sheryl Adkins-Green, Deborah Norville, and Marc Rosen 
 Sara Tool, Carole Delouvrier, and Jon Rosen 
 Chen Chen Hu 
 Doug Virtue, Fred Rakity, Olivia Bransbourg, and Mark Hardy 
 Jessica Vande Werken 
 Arlene Dahl and Juliana Terian 
 Diane Crecca, Larry Berman, Pamela Vaile, and Cos Policastro 
 Richard Fiore and Laura Bohn 
 Theo Spilka and Andy Cohen 
 Wendy Diamond, Michael Mane, Tatiana Remick, and Francois Damide 
 Achim Daub, Rhona Stokols, and Terry Mahon 
 Mike Pratt, Thomas Schutte, Tess Schutte, and Bruce Gitlin 
 William and Elizabeth Hewitt 
 Bettina Bennett, Matt and Linette Semino, and Alexandra Papanicolaou 
 Melissa Melling, Chris Melling, and Mina Nguyen 
 Matt Semino, Barbara Regna, Dustin Lujan, and Victor de Souza 
 Sabrina Martin, Dr. Mary Pulido, Elaine Harris, and Lauren Buglioli 
 Edward Shaheen, Alexandra Papanicolaou, and Jenny Turner 
 Jaime Sheldon, Samantha Strockis, and Vanessa Martin 
 Brian Wolohan, Amber Parmentier, Josh Andrix, Amy Gross, and  Jesse  Parmentier 
 Laura Hill, Melissa Epperly, Maureen Nash, Kate Hemphill, and Jacqueline Valls 
 Todd and Sana Clegg with Tatiana Perkin 
 Jenny Turner, Alexandra Papanicolaou, Sonia Sparolini, Caroline Maddock, and Lauren Cahill 
 Henrietta Morlock, Chani Churchill, and Elizabeth Hewitt 
 Thorne and Tatiana Perkin, and Darlene Liebman 
 Susanne Schalin, Andrea Himmel, Vanessa Martin, and Jaime Sheldon 
 Sophie Elgort and Donna Simonelli 
 Christine Yi and Mathew Chai 
Exiting the  32nd annual Frederick Law Olmsted Awards Luncheon. 2:15 PM. Photo: DPC.
Michelle Smith and team at Publicolor's annual benefit, Stir, Splatter + Roll.
Ruth Shuman with honorees  Michael Kaiser, Gary DeBode,  and Michael Searles
Jonathan Bechtold, Megan Lukas, Gabriella Sankovic, and Amy Linda
Paul  Polizzotto
Paul Aferiat,  Hazel Siegel, and Peter Stamberg
Scott Stringer
 Zachary Lori, Michael Strahan, Luke Lori, and Griffin Lori 
 Zachary Lori, Mat Lori, Luke Lori, Lisa Lori, and Griffin Lori 
 Three Little Operation Smile Bears 
 Kathy Van Zeeland, Bruce Makowsky, and Dr. Bill Magee 
 June Ambrose and Jay Manuel 
 Nicole Murphy and Michael Strahan 
 Peter Rosi and Amy Rosi 
 Jean  and Martin Shafiroff with Bella
 Patrick McMullan 
 Michael Gross and Elena Kuznetsova 
 Brooke Lang, Cole Rumbough, and Michele Gerber Klein 
 Margo Langenberg, Liliana Cavendish, and William Cavendish 
 Beatrice Davison and Lynn Syms 
 Larry Wohl, Lisa Rowland, Rodrigo Braga, and Nicole Noonan 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Barbara Hodes 
 Martin and Jean Shafiroff 
 S·ndor Nosz·ly, Lauren Roberts, Monica Seles, Szilvia Szalontai, and Peter Winkler 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen, Jeremy Goodwin, Morgan O'Connor, Sam Bolton, and Diana Oswald 
 Ann Rapp and Hunt Slonem 
 Rosemary Ponzo 
 John Wegorzewski and Lorraine Leckie 
 Maggie Norris and Cassandra Seidenfeld 
 Pat Grey and Pat Hackett 
 Dr. Penny Grant, Dawne Marie Grannum, and Paola Bacchini-Rosenshein 
 Mark Frieser and Elena Kuznetsova 
 Joe Alexander and R. Couri Hay 
 Dawne Marie Grannum, Joy Marks, Kathleen Giordano, Rosemary Ponzo, Maryse Selit, and Cassandra Seidenfeld 
 Matthew Leeb, Jill Lynne, and Marc Frieser 
 Ryan Nessing and Roy Kean 
 Kylie Minogue 
 Boy George 
 Emmy Rossum 
 Kinley Preston 
 Gerald McCullouch and Derrick Gordon 
 Emperor XXIII Tony Monteleone and Empress XXVIII Twinkle Montgomery 
 Brad Altman and George Takei 
 Omar Sharif Jr. 
 Rollerena 
 Anthony Nicodemo 
 Selenis Leyva, Emma Myles, Yael Stone, Dascha Polanco, and Taryn Manning 
 Ty Hunter 
 Perez Hilton 
 Robin Weigert 
 Candis Cayne 
 Nick Villa and Darren Young 
 Sophie Ward 
 Noah Levy and Rob Shuter 
 Raul Castillo 
Shecky Greene, Stewie Stone, and Norm Crosby
Dave Konig, Dominic Chianese, and Dick Capri
Lainie Kazan and Robert Klein
An incredible lineup of Classic Comedians at the step-and-repeat
Tony Orlando with John and Margo Catsimatides
Joy Behar, Meredith Vieira, and Angela LaGreca
Grand Ballroom of the Pierre Hotel
Howard Lorber hosted top names in NYC Real Estate at his table
Tony Orlando, Frankie Valli, and Stewie Stone
Gilbert Gottfried telling his version of the famous "Aristocrats" joke
 Lunch in the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life
 Panelists Andrew Revkin and Eleanor Sterling, Moderator Lynn Sherr, and panelist Armando Valdés-Velásquez
 Chairs Claire Bernard and Connie Spahn, Museum President Ellen V. Futter, and Chairs Catherine Sidamon-Eristoff, and Kitty Kempner
 Cash Baxter, Chair Catherine Sidamon-Eristoff, Ana Porzecanski, Chair Kitty Kempner
 Missie Rennie Taylor and Chair Connie Spahn
 Stephen and Kirk Spahn with Chair Connie Spahn
 Erika Matt and Chair Kitty Kempner
 Jacquie Garrett and Anne Sidamon-Eristoff
 Valerie Bolster, Kirk Spahn, and Meredith Melling
 Vivian Donnelley, Heather Chaet, and Aidan Donnelley Rowley
 Museum President Ellen V. Futter, Emily Fisher, and panelist Director of the CBC at the Museum Eleanor Sterling
 Chair Catherine Sidamon-Eristoff and Museum Curator Mark Norell
 Karlie Kloss and Derek Blasberg
 Panelist Armando Valdés-Velásquez, Ana Porzecanski, Theodore Roosevelt IV, and panelist and Director of the CBC at the Museum Eleanor Sterling
 Karlie Kloss and panelist Director of the CBC at the Museum Eleanor Sterling
 Lesley Schulhof, Alison Draper, Zani Gugelmann, and Hilary Rosenman Koyfman
 Chairman of the Museum's Board of Trustees Lewis Bernard, Chair Claire Bernard, and Jill Bernard
 Kevin Frey, James and Pat Frey, and panelist and Director of the CBC at the Museum Eleanor Sterling
 Elizabeth and Anne Sidamon-Eristoff with panelist and Director of the CBC at the Museum Eleanor Sterling
 Foundation Director Gillian Fuller with Their Royal Highnesses Prince and Princess Karl Friedrich of Hohenzollern
 Foundation President Barbara de Portago, Her Royal Highness The Princess Elizabeth of Bavaria, and Foundation International Committee Member Gundel Dorrance
 à Table!
 Dinner in the Cotillion Room
 VFMA Cadet Color Guard
 Kimberly Rolland
 Madeleine Desmarais
 Foundation Director Camila Koenig
 Ali and Monica Wambold
 Lisa and Ronald Oliver
 Joe Pacettie and Susan Gutfreund
 Stonington and Laura Cox
 Elizabeth Thieriot and Lee Robinson
 Chetin Durak, Foundation Junior Director Russell Grant, Shaikh Khalifa al Khalifa, Alana Parry, and Julie Heath
 Margo Langenberg, Geoffrey Bradfield, and Denise Wohl
 Tom Leddy, Juliet Teller, Henry and Sophia McLoughlin, Frank Spano III, and Mr. and Mrs. Philippe Marchal
 Chevalier Richard and Dame Donna Soloway
 Mike Reinoso, Kaleta Johnson, Gordon Huddleston, and John Royall
 Dr. Susan Krysiewicz
 Tinu Naija
 Chetin Durak, Heide Hüttl Canellopoulos, Justin Javaherian, and Foundation Junior Director Russell Grant
 Bob and Lauren Roberts
 Cassandra Seidenfeld with Cadets
 Taittinger Nocturne Champagne
 Francis S. Collins, M.D. and Judy Collins
 Herbert Pardes, M.D.
 Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D. and Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D.
 Bruce Cohen, Gabriel Catone, and Marc B. Porter
 Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D., Susan Lasker Brody, M.P.J., Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D. and Lisa Borenstein
 Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D., Lisa Borenstein, and Jack Barchas, M.D.
 Judy Collins and Susan Lasker Brody, M.P.H.
 Thomas R. Insel, M.D., Judy Collins, Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D., and Susan Lasker Brody, M.P.H.
 Thomas R. Insel, M.D., Myrna Weissman, Ph.D., and Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D.
 Family Dynamics Governing Board member Alexandra Alger and Honorary Chair artist Erik Parker
 Family Dynamics Art Auction at Site 109
 Family Dynamics Governing Board member Derek Schuster and Ryan Dudley
 Alex Alger and Jack Geary
 SCO Board member Benjamin Bram and Committee member Sharon Zambrelli
 Art Auction Committee members Lesley Dryden, Nancy McCormick, and Kysa Englund
 Robert Jaffe and Committee member Natasha Prince
 Artist Robert Szot, Kari Buzewski, and Annie Kwon
 The Honorable Rahm Emanuel, Mayor of Chicago, Jay Franke, and David Herro
 Daniil Simkin and Sara Mearns
 Jennifer Chicheportiche, MOMIX
 Johnny McMillan and Emilie Leriche, Hubbard Street Dance Chicago
 Dancing Classrooms Youth Dance Company Dancer and Joan Harris
 Susan Calhoun Moss and Jay Franke
 Allison Mignone, George Tenet, and Stephanie Tenet
 Buck Collins and Sierra Ring
 The Honorable Rahm Emanuel, Mayor of Chicago, David Herro, Linda Shelton, and Jay Franke
 Adrian Danching-Warning and Charles Adelman
 The Honorable Rahm Emanuel, Mayor of Chicago, Judy Freedman, and Herb Freedman
 Steve Pesner and Albert Evans
 Daniil Simkin and Zazoe van Lieshout
Symphony Space's  Spring gala, Fiddler at 50, to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Fiddler on the Roof.  
La Tanya Hall, Trevor McQueen, and BD Wong
Tori Scott, Christina Bianco, La Tanya Hall, Trevor McQueen, Megan McGinnis, and Linda Lavin
Len Cariou and Tovah Feldshuh
Christian Hebel
Leslie Uggams
David Flannery, Jessica Chestman, Scott Chestman, Mollie Wilson O'Reilly, and Amy Wilson
Jesse Haines, Khary Barnes, Nicole Jennette Motley, and Nick Haines
BD Wong, Stanley Zabar, and Judy Zabar
Lenore  and Robert Davis
Carmen de Lavallade, Cynthia Elliott, Sheldon Harnick, and Jeremy Smith
Jim Caruso, Sheldon Harnick, and John McDaniel
Barbara Barrie, Neil Costa, Lynn Ahrens, Lisa Kohl, Dana Cramer, and Marcia Santoni
Steve Aresty, Richard Lawrence, Claire Lawrence, and Sheila Aresty
 The crowd at Tao Downtown 
 Krista Krieger, Arnie Rosenshein, and Dr. Karl Krieger 
Nicole Nadeau, Lu Ann de Lussep, Paola  Rosenshein, Bonnie Evans, and Dara Sewell
 Arnie Rosenshein, Cristina Civetta, and Rocco Ancarola 
 Roni Blanshay, Marcia Levine, and John Barman
Elie Gazzara
Mariebelle Lieberman, Chao Giang, Barbara Regna, and Lisa Anastos
Cassandra Seinfeld and Wendy Federman
 Dottie Herman and Sandra Bernhard 
 Dr. Johnny Lee and Layne Lieberman 
 Lucia Hwong, Margo Manhattan, LuAnn DeLesseps, Arnie Rosenshein, and Dr. Karl Krieger 
 Black River Caviar 
 Kamie Lightburn's table 
 Team Swifty's
 Holly Peterson's table 
 Mary Van Pelt's table 
 Leah McCarthy, Colombe Moinet, Eliza and Chloe Kimball, Somers Farkas, 
            Holly Peterson, and Muffie Potter Aston 
 Holly Peterson, Michael Scully, and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Holly Peterson and Wendy Carduner 
 Blaine Caravaggi and Patricia Attoe 
 Robert Caravaggi, Michele Gerber Klein, and Stephen Attoe 
 Ann Rapp and Tino Scarpa 
 Martha Glass and Kathleen Lamborn 
 Barbara McLaughlin, Nancy Baker, and Martha McLanahan 
 Madeline Blot, Patricia Burnham Brock, and Bill Brock 
 Susan Sawyers and Linda Bicks 
 Cornelia Bregman, Jamie Figg, Eleanora Kennedy, and Anna Safir 
 Suzanne Murphy and Sydney Bea 
 Mary Davidson and Friederike Biggs 
 Kami Lightburn and Melanie Holland 
 Jean Shafiroff and Roy Kean 
 Chappy and Melissa Morris 
 Ken Fishel and Maria Fishel 
 Alex Donner, Georgina Schaeffer, and Marcia Schaeffer 
 Betsy Perry and Maury Rogoff 
 Kami Lightburn and Mary Van Pelt 
 Jack Lynch and Karen Klopp 
 Lee Robinson and Mark Gilbertson 
 Andre Kosestwr, Mish Tworkowski, Jane Goodell, Romy Coquillette, and Tina Adams 
 Julie Sakellariadis, Jill Joyce, Liz DiPaolo, and Megan LoBue 
 Barbara Corcoran and Bunny Williams 
 Barbara Slifka and Sheila Brady 
 Carolyn Englefield, Gillian Steel, Cosby George, and Bunny Williams 
 Catherine Tompkins, Leighann Ryan, and Memrie Lewis 
 Clint Smith and Mario Nievera 
 Coleman Burke and Susan Burke 
 Curt Middleton, Amy Middleton, and Gregory Long 
 Mish Tworkowski and Joseph Singer 
 Dotty and Lionel Goldfrank 
 Friederike Biggs and Lynden Miller 
 Gregory Long, Barbara Cirkva, and Mario Nievera 
 Hermes Mallea and Carey Maloney 
 Kathie Moore and Maureen Chilton 
 Todd Georgen and Emma Jane Pilkington 
 Mish Tworkowski, Susan Burke, and Gregory Long 
 Peter McQuillan, Michael Steinhardt, Marjorie Rosen, Adam Rose, and Joseph Singer 
 Dave Cohen, Penn Egbert, Josh Raskin, Ethan Wolt, Sarah Cohen, and Melissa Raskin 
 Anna McLaughlin, Missy Egbert Sheehan, and Georgina Schaeffer 
 Jonathan Romero, Missy Egbert Sheehan, Penn Egbert, Arlene Levine, Gregory Romero, Barbara Romero, and Robin Elliott 
 Kristina Dell, Mark Coatney, Tess Clarkson, and Chris Arnold 
 Barbara  and Gregory Romero 
 Derek Pitts, Kelsey Lam, Shane Burn, and Elizabeth Urstadt 
 Chasen Mintz and Greg Todora 
 Rachana Fellinger, Jack Meehan, Deborah Binko, Maggie O'Connor, and Alex Pachman 
 Randy McCallum, Adam Wolfberg, Kim Wolfberg, and Scott Steinman 
City Harvest's 20th annual "Evening of Practical Magic" at Cipriani 42nd Street.
 John Veronis, Lauren Veronis, Jeanne Siegel, and DeJuan Stroud 
 Robert Hormats and Catherine Azmoodeh 
 Blaine Trump, Steve Simon, Steve Roth, Darryl Roth, and Lauren Veronis 
 Nancy Brinker, Julian Robertson, and Nancy Missett 
 Fleur Harlan, Leonard Harlan, and Ann Tisch 
 Andrew Tisch and Ann Tisch 
 CeCe Cord, Dennis Basso, and Jamee Gregory 
 Brian Brewer and Jude Geiger 
 Jo Carole Lauder, Darren Walker; son with mother Holly Peterson, and Agnes Gund 
 Regis Philbin, Joy Philbin, Susan Crow, and Tony Bennett 
 Laurie Glimcher, Leon Black, and Debra Black 
 Ellen Levine and Richard Levine 
 Gary Jacob, Linda Wells, Charles Tolbert, and Anna Ponder 
 Linda Wells, Jeffrey Nuechterlein, and Elizabeth Leeds 
 Richard Meier and Alexandra Trower 
 Bill Cunningham 
 John Veronis and Alex von Bidder 
 Joel Klein 
 Jill O'Donnell-Tormey and Andrew Paul 
 Ronald Lauder and Debra Black 
 Dr. Lenora Felderman, Charles Cohen, and Maureen Cohen 
 Kim Klever and Melissa Garcia 
 Guest, Ken Langone, Jill O'Donnell-Tormey (standing), and Lauren Veronis 
 Anna Ponder, Charles Tolbert  and Darren Walker 
 Michael Bloomberg and Judy Taubman 
 Julian Robertson and Nancy Brinker 
 Charles Bronfman and Elaine Langone 
 John Chadwick, John Lindsey, Alexandra Trower, and Patricia Chadwick 
 Tiffany Dubin and Raul Suarez 
 CeCe Cord, Steve Simon, and Blaine Trump 
 Margaret Burton, Kareem Burton, and Nia Evans 
 Tom Valenti, Jilly Stephens, and Geoffrey Zakarian 
 Heather Mnuchin 
 Marc Murphy and Pamela Schein Murphy 
 Ottavia Busia and Anthony Bourdain 
 Gary Flom and Svetlana Flom 
 Marc Murphy and Anne Burrell 
 Donatella Arpaia and Dr. Allen Stewart 
 Missy Feldman, Amanda van Doorene, and Ben Norman 
 Melissa Clark, Camille Becerra, and Lela Rose 
 Rebecca Fontes, Steven McGary, Kate Zaman, and Nick Anvreottola 
 Steven Mnuchin, Heather Mnuchin, and Ben Bram 
 Ben Bram, Kathy Wong, Gil Caffray, Nicole Hanley Mellon, and Buck Ratchford 
 Helen Medvegovsky, Lauren Fonda, and Karyn Starr 
 Daniel Cysewski, Mandy Oser, and Declan Bracken 
 Eric Hansen and Jason Feldman 
 Questlove  with City Harvest Drivers 
 Sarah Jessica Parker, Zac Posen, and Michelle Sobrino 
 Claire Danes 
 Idina Menzel 
 Lily Hartley 
 Serinda Swan 
 Rachel Winter 
 Sandra Lee 
 Katie Couric 
 Brooke Johnson 
 Megyn Kelly 
 Kim Sheridan and Tom Sheridan 
 Jay Diamond, Katia Read, Alexandra Lebenthal, and Howard Read 
 Ken Fried and Judith Petrone 
 Barry Podgorsky, Tom Sheridan, Kim Sheridan, and Tracie Romandetti 
 Kim Sheridan and Gaines Peyton 
 Tom Cashin, Howard Read, and Jay Johnson 
 James Horner and Judith Petrone 
 Elisabeth Wingate 
 Claudia Vick and Peter Schendel 
The dance floor at New Yorkers for Children's Annual Spring Dinner Dance, New Year’s in April; A Fool’s Fete.
 Nicole Esposito, Marisa Brown, Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos, Amy McFarland, Alina Cho, Natalia Echavarria, Lydia Fenet, and Clare McKeon 
 Katia Steward, Seong Hong, Zhanna Raymond, Amara Toure, Crystalann Rodriguez, Sandra Grant, and Shavonn Wheeler 
 Alina Cho 
 Vanessa Von Bismarck Weiner and Maximilian Weiner 
 Jodie Snyder Morel, Bibhu Mohapatra, Oh Land, and Danielle Snyder 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Alexandra Lind Rose 
 Lauren Khoo and Yijia Tiong 
 Khoon Min Lim, Elizabeth Khoo, and Eric Brettschneider 
 Kara Preiss and Emma Roberts 
 Gillian  and Sylvester Miniter 
 Ren Grady and Olivia Chantecaille 
 Kimberly Guilfoyle and Susan Shin 
 Leandra Medine, Chelsea Leyland, and Danielle Snyder 
 Nadejda Savcova and Rafael Beleboni 
 Adam Glassman and Brett Weisman Heyman 
 Natalie Kaplan and Mark Gilbertson 
 Nastya Sten, Karla Barbosa, Oh Land, Camille Rowe, and Danielle Bernstein 
 Di Mondo
            and friends
 Sarah Ayres, Christine Schwarzman, and Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos 
 Ara Hovnanian and Mark Gilbertson 
 Amy McFarland, Arlenis Sosa, and Nicole Esposito 
 Di Mondo and Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Eric Bretschneider, Sheila Poole, Claire Poole, Kim Bretschneider, Greg Heppell, and Susan Burden 
 Megan del Valle and Maud Cabot 
 Bridget Malcolm and Montana Cox 
 Selita Ebanks, Lauren Khoo, and Nina Agdal 
 Cristina Greeven Cuomo and Crystal Renn 
 Danielle Bernstein, Chelsea Leyland, Selita Ebanks, and Jodie Snyder Morel 
 Eugenia Miranda and Soledad O'Brien 
 Laura Love, Derek Blasberg, and Atlanta de Cadenet 
 Jodie Snyder Morel, Danielle Snyder, and Eva Chen 
 Jodie Snyder Morel, Selita Ebanks, Danielle Snyder, and Danielle Bernstein 
 Jeisa Chiminazzo and Katharina Damm 
Special performances by members of the Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club 
 Richard Mishaan, Bunny Williams, James Druckman, and Jamie Drake 
 Margaret Russell and Michael Smith 
 Martyn Lawrence Bullard, Bunny Williams, Thom Filicia, and Jamie Drake 
 Aerin Lauder 
 Jamie Drake, Bunny Williams, James Druckman, Richard Mishaan, Daniel Quintero, Curtis Minnis, and Margaret Russell 
 Margaret Russell and Ralph Pucci 
 Randy Kemper, Margaret Russell, Linda Fargo, and Tony Ingrao 
 Mario Buatta and Christopher Spitzmiller 
 Linda Fargo 
Baruch College President Mitchel B. Wallerstein
Honoree Dr. Matthew Goldstein
NYC Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito
Baruch College President Mitchel B. Wallerstein, Honoree Dr. Lewis Friedman, and Honoree Dr. Matthew Goldstein
Baruch College student and former contestant of NBC's "The Voice" Catherine Ochoa, known as Cathia, performs a song
aruch College President Mitchel B. Wallerstein, Honoree Dr. Lewis Friedman, Honoree  Dr. Matthew Goldstein, and Joel Klein, Chief Executive Officer, Amplify
Baruch College Donor Debbie Bernstein and scholarship recipient Danny Acosta
Anthony Masi and Baruch College Trustees Dov Schlein and Vince Masi
 Jean Shafiroff and t Flo Anthony
Baruch College benefactors Sam Perelson and Phyllis Kossoff
Honoree Dr. Lewis Friedman, National Urban Fellow Dr. Tony Allen, and NYC Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito (Baruch alumna '95).
Baruch Dinner Honoree  Dr. Matthew Goldstein and his wife Maggie
Fanny Cornejo Fernandez, James Leonard, Olivia Sanchez, Dr. Patricia C. Wright, Neha Kinariwalla, and Ali Syed
Dr. Patricia C. Wright and Drew Fellman with a lemur
Jim Simons
Liz Claman, Peggy Bonapace Gelfond, and Joanie McDonell
Samuel L. Stanley Jr., M.D., Robin Herrnstein, Dr. Patricia C. Wright, Jim Simons, and Jim Herrnstein
Samuel L. Stanley Jr., M.D. and Dr. Patricia C. Wright
Meave Leakey and Dr. Patricia C. Wright
The Ninth Annual Opera News Awards in the Grand Ballroom of The Plaza Hotel.
F. Paul Driscoll, editor in chief of "Opera News," and Richard J. Miller, Jr., President of the Metropolitan Opera Guild
 Maestro James Levine reads his tribute to award winner Christa Ludwig 
 Susan Graham presents award to Christa Ludwig 
 David Hyde Pierce, Eva Wagner-Pasquier, James Morris, Nina Stemme, Joyce DiDonato, Renata Scotto, Luca Pisaroni, Susan Graham, and Francesca Zambello 
Carol Miller, Max Strauss, Eva Wagner-Pasquier, Sissy Strauss, and Richard J. Miller, Jr., President of the Metropolitan Opera Guild
 Ellen and James S. Marcus with Richard J. Miller, Jr. 
 Marina Kellen French, Richard J. Miller Jr., and Carol Miller 
 Randall Bourscheidt, Judith Auchincloss, and Emily Rafferty 
 Winthrop Rutherfurd, Jr., Ellen Sills-Levy, Susan Battley, and Mary Rutherfurd 
 David Hyde Pierce, Nina Stemme, James Morris, Joyce DiDonato, and F. Paul Driscoll 
 David Hyde Pierce, Susan Graham, Nina Stemme, Christa Ludwig, James Morris, and Joyce DiDonato 
 Stephen Costello, Ailyn Perez, Joyce DiDonato, and Susan Graham 
 Lorenzo Anselmi, Stephen Costello, Renata Scotto, Ailyn Perez, and Luca Pisaroni 
 Susan Graham, Ailyn Perez, Joyce DiDonato, Stephen Costello, and Luca Pisaroni 
 Andrea Stark and Ashley Stark 
 John Pyne and Anne Pyne 
 John Eason and Nicole Gibbons 
 Richard and Kamie Lightburn 
 Bronson Van Wyck, Caroline Dean, and Dennis Basso 
 Christopher Spitzmiller and Sam Allen 
 Diana Quasha, Thomas J. Edelman, and Sydney Shuman 
 Vincent and Wendy Cebula 
 Aimee Hong and Thomas Altamirano 
 Kathy Angele and Harry Heissman 
 Roric Tobin and Justin Concannon 
 Leslie and Leigh Keno, Tom Edelman, and Stephanie Foster 
 Daniel Cappello and Georgina Schaeffer 
 Dennis Basso and Ashley McDermott 
 David Duncan and Michael McGraw 
 Hayley Sarno and Patrick Mele 
 Andrea Stark, Mario Buatta, and Libby Langdon 
 Jeff Bland and Jane Mitchell 
 Michael and Colleen Bracci 
 Book Award Winners Lifesaving Lessons Editor Wendy Wolf, and authors Peter Miller, Daphne Kalotay, and Nathaniel Philbrick 
 Marian Morill and Leonora Ballinger 
 Judy Bliss, David Shapiro, and Katherine Kraig 
 Scott Glascock, NES President Anne Hall Elser, and Bill Adelaar 
 Gretchen Higgins and Roland Miller 
 Ilene Moskowitz, Marian Morill, and Book Awards Committee Chair Anna Bulkot 
 Anne Smith and Alan Frese 
 Emmanuelle Morgan and Ellen Scordato 
 Leslie Middlebrook and Benedict Gedaminski 
 Melissa Zack, George Doyle, and Katherine Kraig 
 Arthur Layton and Francis McSherry 
 Annie and Andrew Smith 
 NES Executive Director Robin Hickey 
 George Doyle and Peter Miller 
 Lindsey Mullholand, Matthew Rimi, and Judy Bliss 
 Holly Hunt, Kathleen Springhorn, and Jennifer Mitchell 
 Matthew Rimi and Nathaniel Philbrick 
 Daphne and Leah Kalotay 
 NES 1st Vice President Jay Sherwood, Sara Hunter Hudson, and Ron Gold 
 Benedict Gedaminski, Dorothy Harbeck, and Bill Grigsby 
 Sara Hunter Hudson and Margaret D'Albert 
 Elizabeth Stribling and Guy Robinson 
 Denis de Kergorlay and CeCe Black 
 Betsy and Wally Turner 
 Robert Sterling, Elizabeth Stribling, Denis de Kergorlay, CeCe Black, Suzanne Stoll, Consul Philippe Létrillart, and Greg Joye 
 Grace and Chris Meigher 
 Chuck and Deborah Royce 
 Ann Van Ness, Judy McLaren, Patricia Shiah, and Barbara Wolf 
 Joyce and Robert L. Sterling, Jr.
 Greg Joye and Jean Astrop 
 Robbin and Alexander Gaudieri 
 The Grand Ballroom at The Plaza, decorated by David Monn for Orchestra of St. Luke’s annual Gift of Music gala.
 Master of Ceremonies David Hyde Pierce 
 Principal Conductor Pablo Heras-Casado conducts Orchestra of St. Luke's 
 Soprano Angela Meade and OSL Principal Conductor Pablo Heras-Casado 
 Judith and Alan Fishman, Gala Honoree Mark Morris, and Billy Hayes 
 Gala Co-Chair Candace Wainwright, David Carr, Alina Rubinstein, Gala Co-Chair Jonathan Wainwright, and Gala Honoree Jonathan Deland 
 Anita Contini, Gala Co-Chair Frances Resheske, and Gala Honoree Emme Deland 
 OSL Board Chairman Norman Benzaquen, Judy Zankel, OSL Principal Conductor Pablo Heras-Casado, and Anne Igartiburu 
 OSL Co-Founder and Board Member Marianne Lockwood and David Bury 
 Brian Fisher, David Moody, OSL Board Members Joanna Fisher and Georgia Frasch, Michele Ateyeh, and Ron Frasch 
 Jeffrey Bijur, Kathy Steinberg, Judy Peck, and Mary Bijur 
 Andrew Slaby, OSL Board Member Norman Haffner, Rose Marie Slaby, and Barbara and Eugene Sass 
 Betsy Perry, Rawle Deland, and Phyllis Levin 
 Rawle and Lucy Deland, Vladimir Gorbaty, Kate Deland, and Gala Honorees Jonathan and Emme Deland 
 David Bury, OSL Board Member Janet Seidler, and Arvid Klein 
 Master of Ceremonies David Hyde Pierce, Charles Hamlen, and OSL Board Member Robert Appel 
 OSL Board Member Josie Natori, Robert Rufino, Frank Arcaro, Jana Klauer, and James Booth 
 Donna and Vasili Tsamis, and Kathleen Chiti and John Chiti 
 Morris and Nancy Offit 
 Bill and Angela Haines, Daniel Nelson, and Zita Rosenthal 
The Slipper Chairs were designed by more than 40 designers from across the country
Stefanie Loeffler and Webb Egerton
Robyn Joseph, Coco Kopelman, Martha Glass, and Bambi Putnam
Heather Leeds and Nancy Smith
Kamie Lightburn, Nancy Smith, Stefanie Loeffler, and friend
Nicole Limbocker, Hilary Dick, and Martha Glass
Karen Glover and Mark Gilberston
Anna Kennedy Safir, Robyn Joseph, Eleanora Kennedy, and Annette Rickel
Margaret Savoia and Catherine Carey
Karen Klopp, Libby Fitzgerald, and Jamee Gregory 
Doug Blonsky, Shirin Christoffersen, Jen Evans, Samantha Topping Gellert, Kim Kimczak, Michelle Marra, and Arthur Wayne
Gillian Miniter
Eleanora Kennedy, Suzanne Cochran, Anna Safir, and Vicki Foley
Begum Taft
 Jay Jeffers 
 Rami Rosen and Saul Mareno 
 Michael Fratz and Carolyn Cruz 
 Joel Robare, Chantal Martin, Scott Martin, Ginger Coy, and Brad Coy 
 Alisa Carroll and Marianne Howatson 
 Larry Curran and Jeffrey Caldwell 
 Josh Greene, Drew McGukin, Mitra Moshari, and Beau Beasley 
 Zoe Settle and James Schriebl 
Kevin Spacey on the red carpet at the  Museum of Moving Image's annual gala.
 Uma Thurman 
 John Jeremiah Sullivan 
 Zadie Smith 
 Gary Shteyngart and Lesley Blume 
 Lorin Stein, Frederick Seidel, and Robyn Creswell 
 Isabel Fonseca, Martin Amis, Bill Franzen, and Roz Chast 
 Bill Buford, Rachel Cobb, Terry McDonnell, and Jessica Buford 
 Tim Lovejoy and Judy Auchincloss 
 Lewis Lapham and Radhika Jones 
 Gary Shteyngart and Brandon del Pozo 
 Jonathan Galassi and Frederick Seidel 
 Gay Talese 
 Vera Szombathelyi 
 Nancy  and Fred Cline 
 Lesley Blume 
 Francine du Plessix Gray and Robert Pounder 
 James Truman and Duncan Hannah 
 Marya Spence and Stephanie LaCava 
 Mercedes Martinez, Chris Weitz, Suzy Coue Wilson, Edward Wilson, Nastya Lacombe, and Euan Rellie 
 David Carnoy, Sarah Dudley Plimpton, Ken Auletta, Lisa Carnoy, and Amanda Urban 
 Jennifer Maguire Isham, John Burnham Schwartz, and Clara Bingham 
 Oskar Eustis and Sandy Gotham Meehan 
 Kevin Spacey 
 Tony Bennett and Joanna Bennett 
 Kristin Chenoweth and Dana Brunetti 
 Michael Barker and Steve Mosko 
 Lani Azenberg and Manny Azenberg 
 Peggy Siegal, Shelley Wanger, and Mahnaz Bartos 
 Dina De Luca Chartouni and Olivia Flatto 
 Mariana Zois, Alexis Zoullas, and Priscilla Zoullas 
 Chazz Palminteri and Gianna Ranaudo 
 Susan Kissane, James Kissane, Jim Bowman, and Susan Bowman 
 Anne Keating and Rose Polidoro 
 Debbie Bancroft, Deb van Eck, and Leslie Klotz 
 Michael Polish and Kate Bosworth 
 Michael Barker, Eleanora Kennedy, Michael Kennedy, Kate Barker-Froyland, and Thomas Froyland 
 Sylvester and Gillian Miniter 
 Chazz Palminteri, Penn Badgley, Samuel L. Jackson, and Kevin Spacey 
 John Richardson and Kim Cattrall 
 Gary Springer, Michael Barker, Kate Barker-Froyland, and Thomas Froyland 
 Honorees: Richard C. Hunt, MD, Susan C. Waltman, Esq., Kevin W. Chason, DO and Andy Jagoda, MD 
 Executive Chef: Matteo Bergamini and Guest Chef: Massimo Camia 
 Antonella Calastri and Sergio Garretti 
 Halima May and Gaetano Pesce 
 Devorah Nazarian, MD and Ebby Moussazadeh 
 Lynne Richardson, MD and guests 
 Kevin W. Chason, DO and Family 
 The Colavita Family 
 Tony May and Marisa May 
 Eileen Solomon, David Reich, MD, and Carl Ramsay, MD 
 Adam Vella, MD, Anna Vella, Andy Jagoda, MD 
 Marisa May and Guests 
 Dan Lakoff, MD, Leza Rawlins, Kaushal Shah, MD, Milana Zaurova, MD 
 Andy Jagoda, MD, Silvana Riggio, MD, and guests 
 Philip Landrigan, MD, Ellen and Ira Holzman, MD 
 Ayman El-Mohandes, Andy Jagoda, MD, Umberto and Antonella Calastri, and Hala El-Mohandes 
 Rebecca Barber, Luke Hermann, MD, Lara Zibners Lohr, MD and Stuart Kessler, MD 
 Jim Jones with Duncan, an Eastern Screech Owl 
 Baby, Red-Tail Hawk 
 Board of Directors Nina DeNigris, Leslie Block, Laurie Mass, Bob Goetz, Jean Thatcher, Clare LoCicero, Jim Jones, and Barbara Beuerlein 
 Laurie Mass, Leslie Block, Barbara Beurlein, and Nina DeNigris 
 Karen Mehta and Chris Jacobi 
 Lisa Kennedy, Joe LoCicero, and Rica Bacchi 
 Kay Raynor, Mary Gaffney, Pat Breslauer, Janet Farrell, and Barbara Chadakoff 
 Cathy Chernoff and Elana Hoffman 
 Henry Von Elm, John Collins, and Gail Von Elm 
 Patricia Marcellino and Senator Carl Marcellino 
 Diahn McGrath, Tom McGrath, and Jean Thatcher 
 Wendy Van de Walle, Susan Worledge, and Jim Van de Walle 
 Tracy Dellomo and Cornelia Guest 
 Christopher D’Amanda, Mary Lenore Blair, Litsy Witkowski, and Fiona Witkowski 
 Rica Bacchi, Lisa Kennedy, and Clare LoCicero 
 James and Elina Thatcher 
 Joan Shepard and Patricia Sands 
 Lucy Cutting and Lucy P. Cutting 
 Gary and Kristin Kalbaugh, Danielle and Dave Lam 
 Don Krug, Marilyn Rose, Dawn and Ted Weill 
 Pat Breslauer, Jean Thatcher, and Fiona Witkowski 
 Barbara and John Kelly 
 Clarence and Cora Michalis 
 Bernard and Alexandria Austin, Bernadette Castro, Dr. Peter Guida 
 Abdulrahman Thuruya, Baroness Gabriele von Langendorff, Matthew Rich, Carl Iannace, and Paul Cardile 
 Dr. Alan Kisner, Dawn Kisner, and Kerry and John Chase 
 Larry Scmidlapp and Jean Thatcher 
 John Collins and Joanna Badami 
 Volunteers for Wildlife Staff:  Rachel Neville, Jessica Drew, Alicia Grubessi, and Lauren Schulz 
 Joseph and Clare LoCicero 
 Liz Beach and Jay Parker 
 Katie Thatcher, Jean Thatcher, and Jan Witkowski 
The New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children's third annual Spring Luncheon at the Pierre.
 Aaron Fisher, Elizabeth Mayhew, Valesca Guerrand-Hermes, Dr. Mary Pulido, Dawn Hennessy, and Michael Gillum 
 Cristina Greeven Cuomo and Valesca Guerrand-Hermes 
 Guy Clark and Harrison Morgan 
 John Lovrich, Brenda Tully, Natalie Wright-Umoh, Kathy Lotsos, and Sarah Dauber 
 Susan Kriskey and Kate Snow 
 Guy Clark, Cynthia Maltese, and Harrison Morgan 
 Karl Wellner, Deborah Norville, Dawn Hennessy, and David Stack 
 Frederick Anderson 
 Christine Schwarzman and Valesca Guerrand-Hermes 
 Burwell Schorr and Eliza Bolen 
 Alexia Ryan and Nathalie Kaplan 
 Elizabeth Mayhew and Kimberly Guilfoyle 
 Karl Wellner and Deborah Norville 
 Larissa Savaliev, Kamie Lightburn, Heather Georges, David Klein, and Stephanie Foster 
 Karen LeFrak and Blaine Trump 
 Christina Lyon, Denys Drosdyuk, Antonina Skobina, and Elizabeth Segerstrom 
 Shari Siegel and Carlos Lopez 
 Tracey Huff, Diane Chachas, Suzie Aijala, and Angela Clofine 
 Andy Oshrin and Michelle Smith 
 Julia Koch, Richard LeFrak, and Daisy Soros 
 Ralph Rucci and Deeda Blair 
 John Heilman, Marjorie Reed Gordon, Lucia LaCarra, and Marlon Deno 
 Jean Shafiroff and Joanna Fisher 
 Wilbur Ross and Laura Blankfein 
 Perry Brown, Amy Fine Collins, and Steven Ezra 
 Philippe Bigar and Evelyn Tompkins 
 Brad Collins and Troy Brown 
 Olu Evans and Misty Copeland 
 Giulio Rosetta, Kate Allen, and Darren Henault 
 Larissa Savaliev and Charles Askegard 
 Chris Astley, Amy Astley, Ed Morse, and Linda Morse 
 Brooklyn Mac and John Palatinus 
 B Michael and Mark Anthony Edwards 
 Sessa von Richthofen and Richard Johnson 
 R. Couri Hay and Zoe Bullock 
 Linda Fairstein, Karen Pearl, Barbara Ehrenreich, Chef Mike Anthony and Robin Cook 
 Valerie McCarthy, Audrey Schein, JoAnn D. Smith, Eileen Schein and Karen Pearl 
 Linda Fairstein signing books 
 Robin Cook and Philip Geier 
 Barbara Ehrenreich singing books 
 Chef Michael Anthony 
 Carol Rapoport, Chef Michael Anthony, Jana Levinson and Anne Keating 
 Vicente Wolf, Jeffrey Novick, Richard and Jane Novick and friends
 Michele Ateyeh, Brad Learmonth, Jon Gilman and Adrian Kahan 
 David Granville, Jeff Pfeifle and Alissa Wassung 
 Christopher Idone and guest 
 Erin, Jane and Patrick Shea 
 Jon Gilman, Michael Sennott, Sylvia Vogelman and David Ludwigson 
 Nic Cortese and Candy Bonder 
 Anne Keating and Lori Griffiths with a friend
 Reno Tripiano and Lisa Zullig 
 Robert Verdi and Rebecca Bond 
 Scott Reinhardt and Stephen Covello with a friend
 Steven Marion and Peter Forsman 
 Virginia Graham, Jens Audenaert, Stephen Covello, Trent Huffman and Virginia Graham 
 Alexa Hampton 
 Bri Schultz, Bruce Nelson and Lily Nelson 
 Sunil Persaud and Michael MacKenzie 
 Christina Zachariah, David Granville and friend
 Clara Rodriguez and guests 
 David Ludwigson and Danny Meyer 
 David Ludwigson, Jane Clementi and Patrick Schultz 
 Dennis Basso and Blaine Trump 
 Dennis Basso, Karen Pearl and Jeff Pfeifle 
 Edie Lutnick and friend
 Emmett Findley and Trent Huffman 
 Fred Hill and Richard Feldman 
 Gaby and Mark Lehrer 
 Greg and Katy Williamson 
 Guests at Authors In Kind 
 Jon Nathanson and Sara Throne 
 Jonah Disend and Shephathiah Townsend 
 Karen Naber and guests 
 Karen Pearl and Scott Bruckner 
 Sandy Silver and guest 
 Todd Sears, David Ludwigson and Alan Rogers 
 Vicky Shaede, Lawrence Lewis and Karen Pearl 
 Stephen Covello, Joanne Heyman and Terrence Meck 
 Annelise Peterson, David Winter, Rikki Klieman, Benjamin Winter, and William J. Bratton 
 Samantha Rudin, David Earls, William J. Bratton, Rikki Klieman, Ophelia Rudin, and Bill Rudin 
 Bonnie Rudin and Mitchell Rudin 
 Ann and Andrew Tisch 
 Dale Hemmerdinger 
 David Manning and Robert Catell 
 Eric Rudin 
 William J. Bratton, Mayor Bill de Blasio, and Bill Rudin 
 Thomas  and Ellen Chan 
 Barbara and Bill Aubry 
 Wynton Marsalis
Ballet Hispanico dancers  at Ballet Hispanic'os 2014 Spring Gala honoring the Ford Foundation.
 Eduardo Vilaro and Kate Lear 

 Luis Zaldivar, Greydis Gil, David Perez, and Milena Alberti


John and Jody Arnhold
 Marta Tellado, Jonathan LaPook, and Ray Hagg 
Angel Sanchez, Diana DiMenna, and Eduardo Vilaro
 Ballet Hispanico dancers ...
 Miguel Valerio, Phyllis Spencer, RJ Lennon, Karen Trachtenberg, John Claypoole, Maggie Quinton, and Dan Malandro 
 Lauren Alzamora, Jamal Callender, and Jody Gottfried Arnhold 
 Vin Cipolla, Martha Calcagno, Christopher Bloom, Gabriella Cipolla, and Olivia Cipolla 
 Gabriella Cipolla, Olivia Cipolla, Celine McDonald, Tom Clemens, and Sandra Cipolla 
 Alexander Duval, Jessica Alejandra Wyatt, Marta Tellado, Eduardo Vilaro, Melissa Fernandez, and Joshua Winzeler 
 Cristina Commisso, Ana Estrada, Trevor Miles, Molly Weitz, and Kaylee Tang 
 Maria Caruso-Cabrera, Michelle Caruso-Cabrera, Stephen Dizard, and Ann Hu 
 Lane Harwell and Jessica Alejandra Wyatt 
 Lauren Alzamora, Mark Newhouse, and Lorry NewHouse 
 Jonathan Genrry, Ivan Zdravkovic, Antoine Guignette, Olivier Rustat, and Ken Weissman 
 John Pavers, Lauren Pavers, Sheila Rankowitz, Christi Harrison, and John Harrison 
 Kiri Avelar, Yvonne Gutierrrez, Alfonso Cid, and Franchesca Cabrera 
 Johan Rivera and Min-Tzu Li 
 Kimberly Van Woesik, Mario Espinoza, Melissa Fernandez, Lauren Alzamora, Jessica Wyatt, and Alexander Duval 
 Kiri Avelar and Francesca Cabrera 
 Christina Commisso and Ana Estrada 
 Jamal Rashann Callender, Dante Blakeley, Vanessa Valecillos, and Gregory Stuart 
 Danielle Osorio and Daniel Osorio 
 Charles Johnson, John Claypoole, Phyllis Spencer, and Miguel Valerio 
 Aiko Neligan and Francesca Vuillemin 
 Charles Wortman, Marta Tellado, Gustavo Arnavat, and Gigi Arnavat 
 Yvonne Gutierrez, Kiri Avelar, and Alfonso Cid 
 Cristina Commisso, Trevor Miles, Molly Weitz, and Kaylee Tang 
 Mary Fribourg and Henry Arnhold 
 Keo Poravongseng, Francois Martin, Herb Scannell, and Phil Colon 
 Maria Caruso-Cabrera, Melissa Francis, and Stephen Dizard 
 Josh Green, Sam Wright, and Danielle Osorio 
 Jody Gottfried Arnhold, Joan Finkelstein, and Alan Kifferstein 
 Ansel Elgort, Violetta Komyshan, and Wes Gordon 
 Kate Lear and Charles Wortman 
 Peter Jueptner, Dante Blakeley, Judith M. Hoffman, and Ben Rodriguez Cubenas 
 Charles Rosario, Ana Maria Correa, Eduardo Vilera, Jody Gottfried Arnhold, and Marvin Hernandez 
 Jody Gottfried Arnhold and Damian Woetzel 
 Maritza Williamson and Richard Williamson 
 Carlos Ortiz, Lee Koons, and Rafael Toro 
 Ben Rodriguez, Judith M. Hoffman, and Greg Steuart 
 Charles Rosario, Ana Maria Correa, Eduardo Vilaro, Jody Gottfried Arnhold, and Marvin Hernandez 
 Oliver Platt 
 Kate Brashares and Waris Ahluwalia 
 Kate Brashares, Elizabeth Leeds, Amanda Fuhrman, Allison Cayne, and Fernanda Niven 
 April Bloomfield and Tom Colicchio 
 Aly Weisman and David Gilboa 
 Martha Stewart 
 Melanie Dunea, David Chang, and John Lyons 
 Lee Grubman, Katie Sullivan, McKenna Kemp, Aubrey Favala, and Emily Heyward 
 Eliza Reed Bolen 
 Kim Hastreiter 
Over 1,100 filled the Grand Ballroom at the Waldorf Astoria to support  NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital
 Carole King at piano 
 Gala Faculty Chairs, Dr. Craig Smith & Dr. Allan Schwartz, Gala Chair, Stephanie Coleman, President of New York-Presbyterian Hospital Dr. Robert Kelly, CEO of New York-Presbyterian Hospital Dr. Steven J. Corwin, Gala Chair Abby Elbaum, Gala Faculty Chairs Dr. Wayne Isom, and Dr. Bruce Lerman 
 New York-Presbyterian President Dr. Robert Kelly, Gala Chair Stephanie Coleman, Gala Chair Abigail Black Elbaum, and New York-Presbyterian CEO Dr. Steven J. Corwin 
 President of New York-Presbyterian Hospital Dr. Robert Kelly, Gala Chairs Stephanie Coleman, and Abby Elbaum, CEO of New York-Presbyterian Hospital Dr. Steven J. Corwin 
 Dr. William Levine and friend 
 Dr. Robert Downey
            and Dr. Laura Forese
 Dr. Jerry Gliklich and Dr. Jane Salmon 
 Amy and Zack  Pack 
 Mitchell and Kathy Jacobson 
 Barbara Schwartz, Dr. Allan Schwartz, Dr. Steven Corwin, and Ellen Corwin 
 Michael and Bea Tusiani 
 Gustave and Rita Hauser 
 Didi  and Oscar Schafer 
 Lenard Tessler, Monica Segal, Fern Tessler, and Richard D. Segal 
 Dr. John Connolly and Ingrid Connolly 
 Kevin and James Abernathy 
 Roger C. Altman and Dr. Bruce Lerman 
 Jurate Kazickas and Dr. Wayne Isom 
 Krista Krieger, Dr. Karl Krieger, and Amy and Martin Post 
 Lisa and Dr. Mehmet Oz 
 Brooks Kaufman, Abby Elbaum, Rick Elbaum, and Stephanie Schulman 
 Sue Ann Weinberg, Dr. Herbert Pardes, and Ruth Frankel 
 Robin Forrester and Abby Elbaum 
 The scene at  the Guggenheim Museum for the 30th Anniversary Gala for Works & Process.
 Jay Johnson, Kristel Wedin, Ali Banisadr, Angela Westwater, and Tom Cashin 
 John Guare, Adele Chatfield Taylor, Kathy Brown, Cynthia Polsky, and George Steel 
 Natalie Joos 
 Marc Steglitz and Charles Fabius 
 Catherine Cantrell Dionne and Debbie Duffy 
 Setpheap San, Krisna Uk, and Michele Pesner 
 Angela Westwater and David Meitus 
 Donald Byrd and Gus Solomon 
 Tom Cashin, Nicolas Mirzayantz, and Jay Johnson 
 Mariana Cook, Mary Libby, and Younghee Kim-Wait 
 Robert Fribourg, Effie Fribourg, and Paul Cronson 
 Nick White, Kimi Nikaidoh, Emery LeCrone, Ariella Freid, and Richard Isaac 
 Catherine Dunn, Emery LeCrone, and Kathy Brown 
 Richard Isaac, Ariella Fried, Yigal Azrouel, Sarah Atkins, and Alfredo Solivan 
 Adam Flatto and Alessandro Fendi 
 Amy Fine Collins, Isaac Mizrahi, Lindsay Jones, and John Eirich 
 Darren Walker and Shelby White 
 Anne Bass and Steve Reich 
 Barbar Slifka and William Earle 
 Aidan Mooney and Maria Cristina Anzola 
 Melissa Crespo, George Steel, and Heather Randall 
 Tom Gold and Melissa Crespo 
 John Higgenbotham, Jennifer Chaitman, Caroline Cronson, and Jason Hackenwerth 
 Matthew Porretta, Amanda Hankes, Martin Harvey, Catherine Cantrell Dionne, Aidan Mooney, Melody Libonati, and Eddie Libonati 
 Dina De Luca Chartouni, Adam Flatto, Olivia Flatto, and Jason Hackenwerth 
 Kurt Perschke, Meghan Dunn, Jerry Aman, and Amanda Frei 
 Patty Tang, James Chang, Roslin Jaffe, and Bob Mayer 
 Roberta Sommers, Barry Tobias, and Barbara Cummings 
 Charles Fabius and John Wielk 
Bag Designer Debrah Feinn
Betsy Johnson tote
Ruth Shuman, Frank Lupo, and Paul Polizzotto
Jeffrey Banks and Mickey Ateyeh
Paul Polizzotto, Ruth Shuman, and Carla Contreras
Lindsay Brown, Patrick, Target, and Andrea Lontoc
Jeff Osborne and Paul Haigh
Jackie and Julian Taub
Ashley Pickett, Dolores Jansen, and Lisa Brinkman
Publicolor students
Paul T. Lehr, Debi Mazar, Drena De Niro, and Sarah Arison
Matthu Placek, Marc Sheridan, and Lauren Matthiesen
Debi Mazar and Tony Drockton
Alumni Elena Pinderhughes, Kate Davis, Danny Rothschild, and Paul T. Lehr
Bjorn Amelan, Debi Mazar, and Bill T. Jones
The scene at Bendels
Gabe Schnider and Kate Davis entertain the crowd
John B. Osborn, Robert J. McGuire, Benjamin Brafman, and Charles A. Stillman
Larry Byrne, Joan McGuire, Robert J. McGuire, and Gary P. Naftalis
Cyrus R. Vance, Jr., Margo Catsimatidis, William J. Bratton, Rikki Klieman, and John Catsimatidis
Bart M. Schwartz,  Benjamin Brafman, and Robert J. McGuire
Benjamin Brafman, Lynda Brafman, Morty Lent, and Jenny Lent
Avi Lebor and Joanna Burton
 Robert Hamon and Darlene Jordan 
 Frannie Kettenbach and Kenn Karakul 
 Jack Elkins, Gail McMillan, and Loy Anderson 
 Maura Ziska Christu and Talbott Maxey 
 Lore Moran Dodge and Kathy Weller 
 Cheryl Gowdy and Pamela O'Connor 
 Felice Steinbeck, Afsy Pottach, and Helene Lorentzen 
 Grace Meigher and Barbara Crimi 
 Bunny Hiatt and Laura Young 
 Donna Long and Wendy Fritz 
 Beth Pine, Amy Lagae, and Molly Greene 
 Margie Larkin 
 Kenn Karakul, Susan Miller, Maura Ziska Christu, and Talbott Maxey 
 Isiah Whitlock Jr., Lieba Nesis, Keytt Lundqvist, Alex Lundqvist, Paul Van Ravenstein, and Pat Cleveland at the premiere of "Dom Hemingway," hosted by The Cinema Society and Links of London.
 Richard Shepard, Jenni Konner, and Nathan Stewart-Jarrett 
 Elettra Wiedemann and Robert Dundon 
 Valorie Curry and Sam Underwood 
 Paul Haggis 
 Jude Law and Jonny Lee Miller 
 Madalina Ghenea, Anca Tiribeja, and Nathan Stewart-Jarrett 
 Jenna Lyons, Richard Shepard, and Courtney Crangi 
 Isiah Whitlock Jr. and Dylan Baker 
 Angela Martini and Alicia Rountree 
 Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl 
 Nur Khan, Lauren Flynn, and Sante D'Orazio 
 Genevieve Jones and Anne Dexter Jones 
 Amy Sacco 
 Louisa Krause 
 Madalina Ghenea, Demian Bichir, and Nathan Stewart-Jarrett 
 Missy Brody and Salman Rushdie 
 Madalina Ghenea, Anca Tiribeja, and Nathan Stewart-Jarrett 
 Rose Dergan and Will Cotton 
 Richard Shepard and Maura Tierney 
 Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl 
 Jesse Peretz and Ben Shenkman 
 Tommy Dunn and Lisa Hayes 
 Jenna Lyons, Richard Shepard, and Courtney Crangi 
 Keytt Lundqvist, Alex Lundqvist, and Lieba Nesis 
 Ebon Moss-Bachrach and Jahim Assa 
 Morris Moinian, Felice Tedeschi, and Matthew Moinian 
 Nur Khan, Lauren Flynn, and Sante D'Orazio 
 Erin Jaffe, Matthew Smith, Kara Larmie, and Daniel Jaffe 
 Jessica Heath and Simon Spurr 
 NY State Senator Brad Hoylman, James W. Lister, Wanda Hernandez, Jason Walker, Sean Barry, and Joseph Neese 
 Mickey Conlon, Tom Postilio, Ray DeForest, Bill Lenio, Eric Doulgas, and Greg Maidman 
 Brian Marricco, Tom Zhuang, and Bill Lenio 
 Karen Sheftell and Dan Scheffey 
 Vicky Papson, Bob Hall, Elayne Jassey, and Arlene Hall 
 Christian Knaust and Carmen Marc Valvo 
 Tom Postilio, B, Xavier Bloodstone, Twinkle Montgomery, and Mickey Conlon 
 Amy Krakow, Terry Murphy, and Elizabeth Sadoff 
 Thomas Jayne and William Cullum 
 John Douglas Eason and Paul Podlucky 
 Kim Smith and Mitch Hecht 
 Harlan Bratcher, Ricki Roer, and Dan Scheffey 
 Krishna Stone and David France 
 David France and Regina Quattrochi 
 Michael Loccisano, Chanel Korby, and Tom Murro 
 Phyllis Herz and Andy Herz 
 Doug Harris and Bill Van Parys 
 Nico Allen, Rob Tanis-Evon, Marti Gould Cummings, and Sam Lehman 
 John Wood, Serge Nadeau, Todd Allen, and Ken Castronuovo 
 Alfredo Paredes, Brad Goldfarb, Regina Quattrochi, David Henry, and Benjamin Hayden 
 Levi Jackson, Paul Reitz, Alfredo Paredes, and Brad Goldfarb 
 Alan Tanksley, Elizabeth Sadoff, and Terry Murphy 
 Harry Dubin and Lizz Ariosto 
 Betsy Lawrence 
 Igor Boyko, Louis Navarrete, and Blake Massad 
 Mickey Conlon, Richard Rubenstein, Tom Postilio, and Megan Wilson 
 Alex Huynh and Jamie Ly 
 Philip Gerson, Arthur Korant, Michael Iodt, and Jeffrey Scott Kirschner 
 Jonathan Starch, Lizz Ariosto, and David France 
 Chris Rizzo, Kathy Farrell, Marcus Stinchi, Thomas Ferrell, and Scott Lalley 
 Nicole Markley, Alan Markley, and Hannah Sorenson 
 Michael Pugh and Regina Quattrochi 
 Jacob Jasso, Wilson Villasana, Kimberly Sanchez, John Mitchell, Lauren Acri, and Ed Guerra 
 Thomas Ragot, Tom Cashin, Nina Tie, Andy Cohen, and Susan Cappa 
 Anne Livet, Scott Campbell, Billy Sullivan, Amy Sullivan, Tom Cashin, and Jay Johnson 
 Emily Upton, Patrick Cashin Jr., Brock Forsblom, and Georgia McElveen 
 Donna Hauser, Patrick Cashin, and Suzanne O'Halloran 
 Phil Gebbia, Tom Cashin, Cynthia O'Neal, Jay Johnson, Andrew Cashin, Patrick Cashin, and Patrick Cashin Jr. 
 Brad Goldfarb, Scott Campbell, and Alfredo Paredes 
 Gene Debartolo, Sandra Long, Joost de Muinck, and Jill Stuart 
 Valerie Reardon and Cynthia O'Neal 
 Marc Levine, Cynthia O'Neal, and Philip Laffey 
 Pat Kurs and Rose Hartman 
 Edward Mapplethorpe, Michelle Yun, Amy Sullivan, Cynthia O'Neal, Robert Levithan, Eric Rhein, and Tom Lampson 
 Jill Stuart and Joost de Muinck 
 Carlos Arias, Pat Kurs, Jay Johnson, and Phil Gebbia 
 Paul Ukena, Rima Vargas-Vetter, and Temo Callahan 
 Ashley Leutner, Holly Greenfield, Alexander Gilkes, and Delania Momper 
 Bethany Merryman, Timothy Malyk, and Delania Momper 
 Bonnie Abrams, Kimball Higgs, Brigid Walsh, Jay Johnson, and Susan Cappa 
 Michele Esparza, Ra˙l Esparza, Susan Penzner, Joost de Muinck, and Susan Cappa 
 Veken Gueyikian, Dave Harper, and Hrag Vartanian 
 Nancy Jarecki 
 Louie Chaban, Cynthia O'Neal, Susan Penzner, and Billy Sullivan 
 Matthew Pillsbury, Louie Chaban, Billy Sullivan, and Jay Johnson 
 Arthur Krystofiak, Drew Hodges, Michel Botbol, and Peter Kukielski 
 Christopher Lockhart and Robert Levithan 
 Maripol, Anne Livet 
 Brian Sturgill, Courtney Wade, Chris Nester, and Jaclyn Stapp 
Margaret Crotty Riggs, Clint Ramos, Philip Himberg, and Christopher Hibma
Dinner at  Chez Josephine
Clint Ramos, Liesl Tommy, Philip Himberg, and Connie Steensma
Kat Lo, Joan Hornig, Laura Tanne, and Judy Cohen
Joan Hornig and Clint Ramos
Philip Himberg and Christopher Hibma
Jane Preiser and Joan Hornig
Christopher Hibma, Linda Gelfond, and Stanley Stein
 An Evening of Chamber Music at Kristy and Jim Clark's Palm Beach home with the Perlman Music Program  musicians.
 Bill Koch, Suzanne McDonough, Jim Clark, David Koch, Page Lee Hufty, and Alex Griswold 
 PMP musicians with Toby and Itzhak Perlman and Kristy and Jim Clark 
 Kristy and Jim Clark 
 Vicki and Chris Kellogg, Itzhak Perlman, and Toby Perlman 
 Rose Heim and Anthony Kane 
 Emilia Fanjul, Pepe Fanjul, and Emilia Fanjul Pfeifler 
 Irma L Anapol 
 Vicki Kellogg and Catherine Saxton 
 Barbara Grace, Howard Gottlieb, Marissa Payiavlas, and John Payiavlas 
 Charlie Schlangen and Elijah Duckworth-Schachter 
 Dr David Altchek, Anne Altchek, Charles Altchek,and Cynthia Reede 
 Mary Walker, Katherine Mondadori, Eleanora Kennedy, and Ken Walker 
 Diane Lokey Farb and Gabriel Dror 
 Paul Goldner, Michael Finn, and Sandra Goldner 
 Georgiana H Yang and Jean Weiner 
 Alex Griswold, Page Lee Hufty, Pepe Fanjul, Grace Meigher,
            and Chris Meigher 
 Morgan Stark and Jim Clark 
 Anka Palitz and Kristy Clark 
 John McTaggart and Nestor Rodriquez 
 Cindy Anderson and Peter Rock 
 Bill Koch, William Acquavella, Jim Clark, and David Koch 
 Peter and Amy Tunney 
 Pepe Fanjul, Kristy Clark, Lia Reed, Howard Cox, Rudy and Judith Giuliani, Emilia Fanjul, Jim Clark, and Bill Acquavel 
 Ron Senkirk, Weegie Antle, Kerry Del Rose, and Ken Wyse 
 Vicki Reynolds, Pat Cook, Robert Nederlander, Brian McIver, and Pamela McIver 
 Michael Schultz and Hazel Rubin 
 Kathy and John Giovenco with Barbara and Murray Hazan 
 Eric Stonestrom, Carter Pottash, and Pam Pantzer 
 Judi and Rudy Giuliani 
 Itzhak Perlman, Cynthia Friedman, and Gabriela Dror 
 Andrews and Anjelika Walker 
 Bill Koch, Anka Palitz, and Chris Kellogg 
 Hilary Palmgren, Jared Angle, Riley Palmgren, and Sara Mearns 
 Hector Carrasquillo and Johanan Merino 
 Megan Johnson and Cameron Dieck 
 Alicia Quarles, Mimmo Mariottini, Unity Phelan, and Olivia Boisson 
 Mojgan Sobhi, Stephanie Chrosniak, Cathy Paul, Edward Marchese, and Karen Leies 
 Nell Kucich and Alina Dronova 
 Fredrick Wodin, Galina Khitrova, and Matthew Bauer 
 Lydia Haug, Karen Uphoff, Rachel Hamrick, and Brynn Putnam 
 Savannah Lowery and Brittany Sellers 
 Harrison Ball, Sharon Novak, Megan Fairchild, and Rachel Mann 
 Lara Tong, Matthew Bauer, and Indre Rockefeller 
 Saudeeqah Ali, Krystal Ugo, Josephine Utate, Emilie Gerrity, and Christine Wu 
 Ken Burns and Carolyn Buck Luce 
 The cocktail reception 
 George Collins, Mitchel Gray, and Lissa Gundlach 
 Robin Bossert  and George Wing 
 Zoe Greenbaum and Cyndie Berthezene
 Robbie Gordy of Christie's leads the Live Auction 
 Miles Chapin, Carolyn Buck Luce, and Ken Burns 
 Tiina Blum and Tom Blum, Board Treasurer 
 Marilyn Collins, Jeff Friedlander, and Marjory Friedlander 
 Dana Ivey and George Dorsey 
 Ashley Leutner, Lucy Drummond, Cory Desalvo, and Bethany Merryman 
 Bill Bechman, Board President, with Pamela Healey and Joshua Lane 
 Kirsten Hilleman, Greg Slamowitz , and Paul Jensen 
 Anthony Sacchetti, Judy Chang, and Nils Hasche-Vasquez 
 Carol Kirkman Berman and Richard Dottin 
 Northon Melo and Jamie Hamilton 
 Robert Kuhbach and Sherrell Andrews 
 Walter Klauss, Minna Buck, and Helen Buck 
 Galen Guengerich and Robbie Gordy
 Linda Rousseau and Charles Mackenzie 
 Nicole Orzo and Logan Holzman 
 Phylicia Rashad, Barbara Tober, and Meera Gandhi 
 Ajit Hutheesing, Sigrunn Baldvinsdottir, Alex Counts, and Robert Eichfeld 
 Angela Tafur 
 Aria Dandawate and Sanyo Shamsunder 
 Rev. Timothy Shaw and Meera Gandhi 
 Susan Gutfreund 
 Barbara Elsworth and Lloyd Robinson 
 Barbara Tober and Chris Meigher 
 Donald Tober, Susan Fisher, and Chip Fisher 
 Joya Dass and Meera Gandhi 
 Jyoti Singhvi and Lavina Melwani 
 Kiran Gandhi and Lara Anderson 
 Victoria Reese and Kate Loewald 
 Dr. Young Yang Chung 
 Christopher Keramadis and Kathleen Durham 
 Junia Doan 
 Franck Fleury, Astrid Munera, Elkin Varona, Adriana Herrera, Arun Sinha, Cristal Chung, Andrene Denniston, and Kristin Miller 
 James G. Brooks, Jr., Jesse Newhouse, Stephanie Newhouse, and Hamish Bowles 
 Grace Fuller, Hayley Bloomingdale, Max Jones, and Cynthia Smith 
 Jason and Jordan Phillips 
 Marie Monique Steckel 
 Elysia Dawn Ramasar, James Reed Hague, and Lee Hallman 
 Lizzy Brueggeman and Giuseppe Scarpa 
 Grace Paulson and Brad Siembieda 
 Zev Eisenberg, Eiseley Tauginas, and Nadia Moshtaghi 
 William Nichols and Coty Atwood 
 Gary Thomas and Brandon Sherr 
 Sahar Hakakian and Alex Goldberg 
 Danielle Masprangelo and Jessica Stambaugh 
 Kristin Miller and Andrene Denniston 
 Asher Simcoe and Hattie Gruber 
 Cynthia Smith and Hamish Bowles 
 Mercedes Ellington, Michele Riggi, Janice Becker, and Maria Yang 
 Nicole Noonan and Steven Knoble 
 Andrea Wright and Mercedes Ellington 
 Lan Rice and Cynthia Fischer
            with friends
 Macie Fusco, Michele Riggi, and Nicole Rich 
 Maria Yang, Philip Yang, and Kelly DeMarco 
 Janice and Stuart Becker 
 Nancy MacMillan, Virginia Waldman, and Duncan MacMillan 
 Kent Drake, Andrea Wright, and friend
 Nikki Atkins and Fe Saracino Fendi 
 Strahinja Lackovic, Irina Fedosova, Safwat Gerges, Sarah Mollison, and Christopher Gerges 
 Janice Becker, Mercedes Ellington, Maria Yang, Michele Riggi 
 Winter Heat at the Edison Ballroom 
 Christopher Gerges, Sarah Mollison, Strahinja Lackovic, and Irina Fedosova 
 Audrey Grieco and Dr. Anthony Grieco 
Keith Kelly, Mike Kelly, Veronica Kelly, Ray Kelly, and Ed Kelly
Ray Kelly, Veronica Kelly, and Michael Bloomberg
David Conroy, Ed Kelly, Brian Kelly, and Keith Kelly
Jason Schechter, Ashley Bahnken, and Marc Lavorgna
Pammy and Jack Griffin
Connie Anne Phillips
Valerie Salembier and Diane Finnerty
Emily Listfield and Kate Oldham
 Elliot Smith and Kate Kelly Smith
Bill O'Reilly and David Tabacoff
 Alexandra Lebenthal, Annie Lansing, Karen Katzman, Genevieve Wheeler Brown, Sharon Jacob, and Nathalie Kaplan 
 Antonia Terjanian, Nathalie Kaplan, Johanna Kronfle, Fer Medina, and Victoria Heart 
 Gillian Hearst Simonds and Christian Simonds 
 Serena Miniter, Sharon Jacob, Amelia Prounis, and Gillian Miniter 
 Stacy London 
 DJ Stef Nava 
 Lawrence Mitchell, Brian Stewart, and Max Katzman 
 Alexandra Lebenthal, Serena Miniter, and Gillian Miniter 
 Lauren Shortt and Tanya Wells 
 Claudia Lebenthal, Amelia Prounis, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Sharon Jacob and Clare McKeon 
 Dr. Elizabeth Comen, Cristina Cuomo, and Dr. Dendy Engelman 
 Lloyd W. Brown II, Khadim Diop, Isha Kamara, Deja Stewart, Jean Shafiroff, Valentino Carlotti, Nialah Jackson, Minhua Goa, Andy Caceres, and Maria Orengo 
 Mission Society Youth Ambassadors 
 Cole Rumbough and Lucia Hwong Gordon 
 Valentino Carlotti 
 Steven Klinsky, Erica Ewing, Michelle Haynes, and Mini Hota 
 Morgan O'Connor, Kiera Rumbough, and Cole Rumbough 
 Steven Klinsky, Michelle Haynes, Mayor David Dinkins, Jean Shafiroff, Valentino Carlotti, Maria Orengo,  Lloyd Brown, and Derek Steinhauser 
 Consuelo Costin,  Pamela O'Connor, and Morgan O'Connor 
 Dawne Marie Grannum and Mayor David Dinkins 
 Paul and Joanie Van der Grift 
 Steven and Laurie Gottlieb 
 Nellie Benoit, Rachel Docekal, and Dani Moore 
 Peter and Connie Lacaillade 
 Marian Wright Edelman, Leslie Cornfeld, and Beat the Odds Rising Stars at the Children’s Defense Fund's annual benefit.
 Leslie Cornfeld, honoree, with Beat the Odds recipients  Moke Hein, Luigji Camaj, Benny Rodriguez, Felicia Campbell, Demeara Torres, Michael Mazzeo,  Joselyn Guaman, and Craig Phillip
 NYC First Lady Chirlane McCray addresses the crowd 
 Vicki Fuller, honoree 
 Leslie Cornfeld, honoree
 Marian Wright Edelman 
 Ali Wentworth runs text to pledge 
 Honorees George Gresham, Leslie Cornfeld, and Vicki Fuller with Geoffrey Canada 
 Gabriella Morris, Marian Wright Edelman, and Melanie Hartzog, CDF-NY Ex. Dir. 
 Gala Co-Chair Deborah Cogut and Craig Cogut 
 Paulina Porizkova and Ali Wentworth 
 CDF-NY Exec. Director Melanie Hartzog, Marian Wright Edelman, Blondel Pinnock, and Deborah Cogut, gala Co-Chair 
 Richard Parsons and Mellody Hobson 
 Didi Woodhull, Tim Woodhull, Peter Rathbone, and April Russell 
 Alanna Rathbone, Norman Nelson, and Susan Pemberton 
 Alanna Rathbone and Louis Pemberton 
 Eve Guernsey and Didi Woodhull 
 Antoine Souma, Christine Biddle, and Larry Kaiser 
 Karin Gunnarsson, April Russell, and Peter Rathbone 
 Norman Nelson, Robin Reardon Nelson, and Kate Edmonds Donner 
 Susan Nagel, Carole Bellidora, and Meriel Lari 
 Matthew Yee, Pam Laudenslager, and Leslie Granger 
 Michael Yee and Beth Laffey 
 Nan Collins and Peter van Doren 
 Tim Woodhall and Fritzi Kallopp 
 Alexes Reardon and Robin Reardon Nelson 
 Louis Pemberton and Susan Pemberton 
 Will Reardon, Pam Michaelcheck, April Russell, and James Harris 
 William Reardon, Ash Reardon, and James Harris 
 Michael Schonbraun, Jeffrey Moroch, Micah Goodman, Lee Deutsch, Richard Mack, Lloyd Goldman, and William Friedland 
 Jack Shulman, Jonathan Banayan, Matthew Kasindorf, Joseph Koicim, Benjamin Haghani, and Gregory Kalikow 
 Joseph Deutsch, Lynn Deutsch, Phil Wolikow, Lee Deutsch, Karen Deutsch, Andy Deutsch, Dina Deutsch, Skylar Deutsch, and Olivia Deutsch 
 Justin Green, Margaux Jaffa, and Jonathan Falik 
 Dina Silberstein and Cindy Feinberg 
 Gideon Etra and Michael Vickers 
 Lynn Zises and Bram Weber 
 Timothy Oberweger and Belinda Schwartz 
 Vladimir Shneyder, Shimon Shkury, and Brian Cohen 
 Jeff Fells, Alex Kaskel, Adam Maxson, and Lee Passavia 
 Steven Marvin and David Robinov 
 Jonathan More and Gregory Kalikow 
 Josh Simon and Adam Verner 
 Scott Singer and Jeffrey Moroch 
 Brian Lichter and Daniel Kasell 
 Jonathon Yormak, Jonathan Mechanic, and Brian Lichter 
 Matthew Kasindorf, Shane Neuringer, and Amanda Kasindorf 
 Jeff Pikus and Edmond Levy 
 Daniel Braff, Adam Sanders, and Robert Ross 
 Amanda Saltzman and Lindsey Heines 
 Daniel Mermel and Jonas Katzoff 
 Noah Bilenker and Brian Ray 
 Jordan Tolman, Erik Swenson, Elise Leve, Jesse Feldman, and Dennis Satriani 
 Evan Fiddle, Kimberly Ross, Cassandra Siegel, and Alex Kaskel 
 Melody Malekan and Marc Schulder 
 Lee Deutsch, Laura Greenfield, and Alfonso Kimche 
 Blair Parsont and Mark Kaplan 
 Gabriel Wasserman, Jason Merker, Bess Castagnello, Adam Pogoda, and David Peretz 
"Celestial Ball” Chairmen (all dressed in PAULE KA) Lydia Fenet, Astrid Hill Dattilo, Rickie De Sole Webster, Sloan Overstrom, Clare McKeon, Joann Pailey, Olivia Chantecaille, and Maggy Frances Schultz with Serge Cajfinger of PAULE KA at  Frick Collection's 15th annual Young Fellows Ball.
 Guests enjoying the West Gallery 
 Guests enjoy an impromptu tour of the Living Hall 
 Steering committee member  Jennie Tarr Coyne gives guests an impromptu tour of the Boucher Room 
 Celestial ambience in  the atrium ...
Guests enjoyed champagne provided by Louis Roederer, Organic Spirit by American Harvest, and Stag's Leap Wine Cellars KARIA Chardonnay Napa Valley and KARIA Sauvignon Blanc Napa Valley
 Pomegranate glazed eggplant on beet chips from Caterer Olivier Cheng, on an illuminated constellation-inspired platter 
Chairman Lydia Fenet
Julie Fabrizio and Wyatt Rockefeller 
 David Neff, Laura Hill, the Frick's Associate Director of Development Maureen Nash, Colette Arredondo, Jen Field, and Redmond Ingalls 
 Emanuel Michael and Sandrina Bencomo
Sara Gilbane Sullivan and  Jay Sullivan
Chairman Sloan Overstrom, dressed in PAULE KA
Presentation of champagne provided by Louis Roederer 
Curtis Young, Annika Connor, Kim Le, and Michael Espirtu 
Noreen Ahmad, Ahmar Ahmad, and Blair Brooks 
Benefit chairman Melanie Lazenby and Vanessa Grout 
Stacy Engman, dressed in PAULE KA 
Benefit committee member Cator Sparks in the Oval Room 
Megan Henze, Lucas Coleon, and Allison Henze 
Sarah McNear, Director of The Frick Collection Ian Wardropper, Tia Chapman, Deputy Director for External Affairs at the Frick, and David Bettat 
Steering committee member Jennifer Wright and Charlie Schlangen 
Joseph Bunge and Edwin Gierbolini 
 Justin Kush and Margaret Pennoyer
Kelly Dash and Matthew Silver
 Dylan Brant and Chloe Perrin (dressed in PAULE KA)
Emily Holt, Chairman Olivia Chantecaille, and Chloe Malle
Serge Cajfinger  and Sarah Flint (dressed in PAULE KA)
Caroline Rupert, Jose Sotto Mayor Matoso, and Eugenie York 
 Elizabeth Brown and Anne Karoubi 
 Linnea Wilson Hayward and Cator Sparks 
Lucas Coleon and Allison Henze
 Jon Kurpis and steering committee member Elizabeth Kurpis
 Benefit committee member Cator Sparks and friends dance in the Frick's Music Room
 Curtis Young, Annika Connor, and Kim Le dance in the Frick's Music Room
Guests dance on the dance floor the Frick's Music Room ...
Hal Rubenstein welcomes guests
John Demsey and Carol Gertz
Alina Cho and Sarah Brown
Kelly Rutherford3
Lady Liliana Cavendish, Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia, Richard Farley, and Chele Chiavacci
Geraldo and Erica Rivera
Arie and Coco Kopelman
Rachel Roy, John Demsey, and Stefani Greenfield
Jodie Snyder Morel and Danielle Snyder
 Tim Fain, violinist and Robert Koenig, accompanist 
 Tim Fain and Augustine Hadelich playing a duet by Moszkowski 
 Audience with Augustin Hadelich, violinist and Robert Koenig, accompanist in foreground 
 Anne H. Van Ingen, League Chair with Jay DiLorenzo, League President 
 Barbara Evans Butler, Alexandra Schlesinger and Catia Chapin 
 Stanley and Elizabeth Scott 
 Catia Chapin and Anne H. Van Ingen, League Chair 
 Dr. Thomas Older and Laura Holbrook 
 Janet Ross and Bill Bernhard
 Anne Older and Janet Ross 
 Ariane Batterberry and Katherine Manisco 
 Richard and Suzanne Clary 
 Chiu Yin Hempel and Karen Arrison 
 Judy Auchincloss and David Beer 
 Marife Hernandez, Joel Bell and Catherine Cahill, a sponsor of the event 
 Pauline Metcalf with Jan and Steven Anderson 
 Stephanie Stokes and Alexis Gregory 
 Karen Arrison, a sponsor of the event with Robert Koenig, accompanist, Tim Fain, violinist and Augustin Hadelich, violinist 
 Jim Turner, Elaine Turner, and Joe Patuleia 
 Simone Mailman, Elaine Turner, and Betsy Pitts 
 Amy Hoadley and Roxanne West 
 Jim Turner, Monica Garza, and David Altman 
 Mark Gilbertson and Jack Lynch 
 Karen Klopp, Amy Hoadley, and Kathy Prounis 
 Karen Klopp, Amy Hoadley, and Heather McLeskey 
 Mark Gilbertson and Mary Van Pelt 
 Katy Sadler, Mindy Fortin, and Jane Williams 
 Fielding Dreams Gala cocktail reception held inside the Theodore Roosevelt Rotunda at the American Museum of Natural History 
 Fielding Dreams Gala dinner held in the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life at the American Museum of Natural History 
 Jeff Zucker, John McEnroe, Karen Cohen, Jorge Casimiro, and Chris Cuomo 
 Karen Cohen and Michael R. Bloomberg 
 Tom Murro and Kira Kazanstev 
 Andrea Feirstein and Justin Hamill 
 Mark Greene and Michael Boxer 
 Chris Cuomo, Karen Cohen, Jorge Casimiro, and Jeff Zucker 
 Lauren Starr and Stacey Bash-Polley 
 Christine Mack and Caryn Zucker 
 Rodney and Caryn Cohen 
 Karen Cohen and Time Barefield 
 Stephen and Jennifer Rich 
 Kate and Brad Peck 
 Dean Landis, Mara Landis, Victor Cruz, and Elena Watley 
 Jerry Goldman and Nancy Neff 
 Bimla Picot and Jerry Goldman 
 Event Chairs Jill and Bob Smith 
 Katherine Goldsmith and David Reich, MD, President of The Mount Sinai Hospital 
 Carol and Jerry Fallon 
 Greg Kubie, Rachel Levene, Kim Harrison, and David Kubie 
 Aimee and Jack Levy 
 Greg Kubie, Rachel Levene, Kim Harrison, and David Kubie 
 Jennifer Press and Nancy Poses 
 Maria Muzio and Gaetano Muzio 
 Aaron Miller, MD, Clinical Director of the Corinne Goldsmith Dickinson Center for Multiple Sclerosis at Mount Sinai, Katherine Goldsmith, and Ellen Miller 
 Fred Lublin, MD
 James Marden, Nancy Poses, Len Tessler, and Fern Tessler 
 Willy Friedman, Jessica Smith-Friedman, and Louise Yelin 
 Robert Friedman, Mount Sinai Trustee, and Katherine Goldsmith 
 Guests enjoyed dancing to the soulful sound of the Eturnity Band 
 Daniel Boulud, Regis Marcon, and Daniel Chefs at Burgundy, Black Truffles and Blue Jeans: Sunday Supper at Daniel Benefiting Citymeals-On-Wheels.
 Robert Grimes, Nicholas Lowry, Daniel Boulud, Beth Shapiro, and Régis Marcon 
 Jacques Marcon, Jean Francois Bruel, Maura Haynes, Bill Kronenberg, Chuck Close, Daniel Boulud, and Ernie Thrasher 
 Régis Marcon, Chuck Close, and Daniel Boulud 
 Brandon Jones and Lela Rose 
 Albert Behler, Robin Kramer, and Betsy Bernardaud 
 Daniel Boulud, Drew Nieporent, and Régis Marcon 
 Pedro Iglesias, Elizabeth Urina, Dana Hammond Stubgen, and Dr. Patrick Stubgen 
 Roger Taylor, Colleen Olson, and Tagar Olson 
 Liz Neumark and Jill Kaplan 
 Vans Stevenson and Suri Kasirer 
 Anne Cohen, Lillian Vernon, and David Hochberg 
 Eli Goldman, Judy Zipp, and Edmondo Schwartz 
 Cesare Casella and Stephanie Goto 
 Leslie Ziff, Robert Grimes, and Joyce Buchanan 
 Colleen Olson and Tom Edelman 
 Ninah Lynne, Michael Lynne, and Diane Tuft 
 Jill Kaplan, Suri Kasirer, and Jennifer Gould Keil 
 Malu Millerman and Sergio Millerman 
 Elizabeth Urina, Jim O'higgins, and JC Agid 
 Heather McDowell and Adam Levin 
 Vans Stevenson, Suri Kasirer, Lisa Rosenblum, and Sonya Starr 
 Dana Hammond Stubgen, Raj Vaidya, and Rita Jammet 
 Elisabeth de Kergorlay and Gabriel De Kergorlay 
 Ashley Bush and Sharon Bush 
 Sheila Nevins, Stephen Silverman, and Jackie Glover 
 Deane Brosnan 
 Louise Kornfeld, Janna Bullock, and Karen Klopp 
 Patricia Shiah 
 Peter Baiocco, Leah Baiocco, Arlene Scanlan, David Squires, Mary Baiocco, and Peter Baiocco 
 Maggie Norris, Adriana Kaegi, and Paola Baccini Rosenshein 
 Arianna Huffington and Desiree Gruber 
 Wendy Federman, Andrea Warshaw-Wernick, Marcia Levine, and Sandy Rosenthal 
 Morgan James 
 Joel Perez, Lanie Zipoy, Morgan James, and Doug Wamble 
 Michele Herbert and Marcia Levine 
 Julie Crosby, Shelley Butler, Andrea Kuschlewska, and Jennifer Chambers 
 Branden LaShea, Shaneah Daise, Catherine Mayer, Heather Harvey, and Morgan Benedit 
 Darlyn Heckman, Ashley Bush, Sharon Bush, Karen Klopp, and Christine Schott 
 Jin Hu and Cassandra Seidenfeld 
 Cheryl Asklund Rock, Sallie Bingham, and Joan Vail Thorne 
 Jean Shafiroff and Frederick Anderson 
Lewis Frumkes, Rebecca Goldstein, and Steven Pinker
 Charles Gross and Joyce Carol Oates
Mr. and Mrs. Alphie McCourt
Bob Bradford and Barbara Taylor Bradford
John Calicchio and Denise LeFrak
 Stacy Schiff, Barbara Goldsmith, and Iris Love
Sidney Gluck, Jennifer Raab, and Bel Kaufman
  Patricia Volk,  Steven Pinker, and Daphne Merkin
 Elizabeth Munson and Sessa Von Richthoven
Sandy and Nelson DeMille
Ronald Lauder, Jo Carole Lauder, and Roy Furman 
Ruth Appelhof and Joe Roberto with BankUnited team
Alan Alda 
Phil Donahue, Marlo Thomas, and Ruth Appelhof
Alec and Hilaria Baldwin 
Bob Balaban, Meredith Monk, and Blythe Danner
Roy Furman, Marlo Thomas, and Phil Donahue 
June Haynes, Gillian Harding, and Danielle Campisi 
Christina Strass Fields, Agnes Gund, Milly Glimcher, and Arnold Glimcher
Blythe Danner and Barbara Walters 
Chuck Close 
Catherine Azmoodeh and Ambassador Robert Hormats 
David Heyman and Andrew Farkas 
John Heyman and Kevin Thompson 
David Heyman, Kevin Thompson, David Kuhn, and Andrew Farkas 
Steve Hanson and Deana Hanson 
Andrew Farkas and Sandi Farkas 
Bruce Bendell, Kelly Allen, Kevin Murphy, Charissa Hogeland, Jamie Bendell, Cait Barebanks, Andy Cohen, and Rachel Flynn 
Abby Milstein and Howard Milstein
Andrew Tisch, Ann Tisch, and Lyor Cohen 
John Heyman and David Heyman 
 Dr. Orrin Devinsky  addresses the guests at  the  NYU Langone Medical Center's Finding A Cure for Epilepsy and Seizures (FACES) Gala.
 Temple Grandin, PhD, Eustacia Cutler, William Moller, Elisa Moller and Orrin Devinsky, MD 
 Gala Chair Todd Boehly, Orrin Devinsky, MD, Robert I. Grossman, MD, Dean and CEO NYU Langone, and Elisabeth Cohen, MD 
 Oliver Sacks, MD 
 Orrin Devinsky, MD, Temple Grandin, PhD, and Oliver Sacks, MD 
 Hugh Hildesley 
 Matt Stone and Angela Stone 
 Matthew Kennedy, Joey Lowenstein, Roberta Lowenstein, and Temple Grandin PhD 
 Sheila Lambert and Bill Lambert 
 John Cooney Jr and Loretta Glucksman 
 Amy Pressler and Stacey Weiss 
 David, Susan, and Jake Swinghamer 
 Orrin Devinsky, MD and Carol Pressler 
 Kate Cooney Picco and Jacqueline French, MD 
 Peter Schnall and Amy Pollner Moritz 
 Leah Weisberg, Randi Levine, and Nancy Novograd 
 Todd Boehly and Michael Weisberg 
 Ginny Spiegal and Steven Spiegel 
 Mike Novogratz and Sukey Cacere-Novogratz 
 David Remnick, Brian Williams, and Esther Fein 
 Tzili and Leon Charney 
 AJ Davis, Donna Emma, Emma Davis and Larry Davis 
 Susan Block Casdin 
 Catherine Manno, MD, Chair, Department of Pediatrics 
 Michael Weaver, Patti Kim, Kelly Kennedy Mack, Kimberly Goodwin, Susie Block Casdin, Harlan Fabrikant Saroken, and Morgan Hertzan 
 Joseph Lhota, Sr Vice President, Vice Dean and Chief of Staff and Robert Grossman, Dean-CEO NYU Medical Center 
 Susan Block Casdin, Kelly Kennedy Mack, Harlan Fabrikant Saroken, Adi Beltzman 
 Abigail Scheuer Atema, Robert Grossman, Alice Tisch, Susi Wunsch, and Peter Wunsch 
 Anne Keating, Susan Block Casdin, Ellen Block, and Kelly Kennedy Mack 
 Jacqueline Stroyman and Matthew Stroyman 
 Kristen and Drew Goldman 
 Blake Vazques, Emily Vazques, Karen Mc Morrow, and Josh Powe 
 Greg Randolph and Matt Hall 
 Catherine Manno, MD, Peter and Jane Manno 
 Shana Forand, Tim Sullivan, Mel Given, and Drew Hall 
 Brian Hewitt and Tim Sullivan 
 Janet Ginsburg and Howard Ginsburg, MD, Trudy Gottesman 
 Kabatine Tutan, Cathy Walsh, Emily Borell, and Elizabeth Katz 
 Fred Steinberg and Sharon Casdin 
 Christine Beauchamp, Alex Casdin, and Jillian Sandler 
 Dr Tom Roland and Abigail Scheuer Atema 
 Johnny Shulhouse, Laurie Block, and Rachel Cameron 
Gregory Long, Gillian Miniter, Cosby George, and Patti Fast
Barbara Robinson, Edith Kean, and Jill Joyce
Cosby George and Anne Rohrbach
Barbara Tober, Noreen Buckfire, and Deborah Royce
Fe Fendi and Gillian Miniter
Amy Goldman Fowler and Barbara Robinson
Barbara Tober and Sabrina Forsyth
Julie Lanning and Jeannie Jones
Honorees Dick Eisner, Edie Windsor, and Dominic Chianese
 Audrey Weiner, CEO, Jewish Home Lifecare, and honoree Edie Windsor
 Richard Cohen; gala co-chair Marcia Riklis; Judith Stern Peck; Jeffrey Schoenfeld; Tal Kerret; Lisa Silverstein, daughter of honorees Klara and Larry Silverstein; Talia Day; and Ari Ackerman
Gala co-chair Tami Schneider, Jewish Home Lifecare CEO Audrey Weiner and gala co-chair Marcia Riklis
Honoree Edie Windsor greets Jessica Lappin, President, Alliance for Downtown New York
 Gala co-chair Morris Offit and his wife, Nancy
 Jane Pittson (Mrs. Dominic Chianese) and honoree Dominic Chianese
Honoree Dominic Chianese, Lou-Ellen Barkan, CEO, Alzheimer's Association NY Chapter, and Mel Barkan, Jewish Home Lifecare board member
Tobi Kahn, UJA president Alisa Robbins Doctoroff, and Rabbi Michael Paley
Lisa Silverstein, Marcia Riklis, and Tal Kerret
Antonia Bowling, Kimberly Jetnil, Hillary Cooper, Alisa Cohn, Dee Dee Eustace, and Jan Mercer Dahms
Marlene Maralenedowns, Jessica Mansfield, Jan Mercer Dahms, and Alica Peek
Kelly Rutherford and Dee Dee Eustace
Kimberly Jetnil and Robert Brotherton
Rachael Suto and Ben Rue
Escada models
The Associates Committee of The Society of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center's 23rd Annual Bunny Hop at 583 Park Avenue.
 GUCCI Photo Booth 
 GUCCI Bear Balloons 
 Ty Tojo, Big Apple Circus juggler 
 Clowns 
 Face-painting 
 Face-painting 
 Balloon-making 
 Cupcake decorating 
 Annie Taube, Ferebee Taube, Shoshanna Gruss, Marcie Pantzer, and  Melissa Meister 
 Lisa Larson, Christine Miller Martin, Jane Andrews, and Susanne Rhow, Warburg Realty 
 Christophe de Pous, President & CEO, GUCCI America, and family 
 Event Co-Chairs and their children 
 David Chokachi and son 
 Susan and David Chokachi with Emily Davis 
 John Demsey and daughter 
 Palmer O'Sullivan and sons 
 Alexandra Fitz and son, Alison Aston, and Sara Nichols 
 Alexandra Rose and daughter 
 Martha Sharp 
 Emilia Fanjul 
 Nicola Steiner and daughters 
Donna Hanover, Loreen Arbus, Susan Lucci, Helmut Huber, and Robin Givens
Teresa Priolo, Robin Givens, Hannah Jacobs, and Mike Woods
Loreen Arbus
Susan Lucci, Peter Thomas Roth, and Jill Herzig
Dina Fanai and Ken Drucker
Ryan Stewart and Haley Lesavoy
Fred Bailey and Susan Lucci
Scott Stanford, Tamsen Fadal, Teresa Priolo , Robin Givens, and Mike Woods
Terrie Williams and Elinor Tatum
Valerie Kempner and Isiah Whitlock, Jr.
Linda Laul, Chris Laul, and Susan Lucci
Valerie Kempner, Wendy Diamond, and Haley Lesavoy
Donna and Devon Cutugno
Mackenzie Thorn and Karen Mansour
Dana Auslander and Louis Rose
Andrew Glessner, Lorenzo Hill-White, and Kelly Rutherford
Helene and Ziel Feldman with Vera Wang
Julie Dannenberg, Sabrina Saltiel, Mackenzie Thorn, and Peter Evangelidis
Jean Shafiroff, Lucia Hwong Gordon, Dawne Marie Grannum, and Lauren Day Roberts
 The sixteen 2014 Viennese Opera Ball Debutantes  on the stairs of the Waldorf with their escort dance partners. 
 Two Norwegian Fjord horses open the Ball
 Opera singers Nathan Van Arsdale and Amy Shoremount-Obra perform an adaptation of Mozart's "The Abduction from the Seraglio"
 Carmen Dell'Orefice and West Point cadets
 Debutantes took scads of selfies while other guests posted photos and videos of the  performances to Instagram and Facebook with the hashtag #VOB2014
 A guest takes a photo of a majestic table setting in the Grand Ballroom
 Rarely seen in the US, the Schuhplattlers, traditional Austrian folk dancers, show the celebratory style of the countryside, far from Vienna's glittering concert houses
 The debutantes and escorts perform a majestically choreographed "human swing"
 Bill Cunningham 
 Austrian ambassador Dr. Hans Peter Manz with Debi and Stephen Harnik 
 Included in the Ball's honored guests were a glamorous age-divergent duo: 82-year-old supermodel Carmen Dell'Orefice and 19-year-old Miss Teen USA Cassidy Wolf. Between them is Austrian official Andreas Mailath-Pokorny, Councillor for Culture and Science in Vienna
 Max and Sissy Strauss with Carnegie Hall Director Clive Gillinson
 VOB Executive Director Marcie Rudell 
 Austrian Trade Commissioner Christian Kesberg, ORF-TV news personality Hannelore Fauqueux-Veit, and Viennese choreographer Heinz Heidenreich
 Finnish Ambassado Jarmo Viinanen and his wife Irmeli with EU Ambassador Thomas Mayr-Harting and his wife Elisabeth
 Vienna Philharmonic President Clemens Hellsberg, Former Chief of Protocol Marife Hernandez and her husband,  Joel Bell 
 Two dancers from "Dance With Me" studios perform "The Evolution of Ballroom Dancing 1814 to 2014"
 Austrian banker F. Dieter Beintrexler, and wife, Elisabeth Hirst von Neckarsthal 
 Consul General Georg Heindl and wife Neline Koornneef-Heindl 
 John and Jane Hemingway Sullivan 
 R. Douglass Rice, Brian Smith, Aurelia Greene, Mierle Laderman Ukeles, and Holly Block 
 Aurelia Greene and Donald Savelson 
 Councilwoman Vanessa Gibson and Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito 
 Leslie Weiss and Sharon Jacob 
 James Patterson, Alan Alda, Arlene Alda, and Donald Savelson 
 Holly Block, Elieo Rodriguez, Rachel Weingeist, Donald Rubin, and Tom Finkelpearl 
 Jonathan Faulhaber and Keri Faulhaber 
 Adam Tucker, Sarah Sze, Holly Block, and Michelle Coffey 
 Olivia Merchant and Loran Hamilton 
 Valerie Washington, Earl Washington, and Dr. Rae Alexander-Minter 
 Juan Tamargo, Michael Canter, and Cynthia Elliott 
 Mercedes Mestre and Quisqueya Henriquez 
 Marco Nocella, Mierle Laderman Ukeles, Donald Rubin, Linda Blumberg, and Ronald Feldman 
 Alanna Heiss, Robin Cembalest, Fred Sherman, and Lybess Swezy 
 Ed Greenhill and Rosa Rosenberg 
 Christopher Dixon, Barbara Dixon, and Rachel Adam 
 Cher Lewis and Liz Tennenbaum 
 Naomi Hersson Ringskog, Maron Slone, and Ruth Mukherji 
 Rachel Lehman and Nari Ward 
 Liz Klein and Lawrence Benenson 
 Fred Sherman and Liz Byrne 
 Carol Seborowski, Steve Staso, and Abigail Ehrlich 
 Brandi  and George Sakoulis 
 Frado Lagamon, Chi-Ping Yen, and Yen-Chang Chou 
 Martin Weinstein, Polly Apfelbaum, Steve Shane, Theresa Lizka, and Katie DeGroot 
 Sarah Sze, Adam Tucker, Linda Blumberg, and Dana Emmott 
 Maggie Buchwald and Donald Buchwald 
 Joyce Hogi, Elizabeth Cooke Levy, Allison Chernow, Alan Highet, and Lisa Highet 
 Peter Martins, Julia Koch, Serena Lese, Diana DiMenna, Noreen Ahmad, and Amanda Brotman 
 Peter Martins, Darci Kistler, Nicolas Luchsinger, and Margie Van Dercook 
 Linda Villella and Edward Villella 
 Julie Henderson 
 Teresa Moore 
 Margo Langenberg and Fredrick R. Koch 
 Caroline Byron 
 Fe Fendi, Jean Shafiroff, and Chiu-ti Jansen 
 Maria Kowroski and Ilona Nemeth 
 Amanda Brotman, Antoine Schetritt, Stephanie Simon, and Jimmy Knehans 
 Nicolas Luchsinger and Kelly Rutherford 
 Martin Harvey, Maria Kowroski, Elysia Dawn Ramasar, and Amar Ramasar 
 Dr. Susan Krysiewicz and Alexandra Lebenthal 
Dinner on the Promenade of the David H. Koch Theater
 Howard Read, Lucy Mitchell-Innes, Janelle Reiring, and Adam Sheffer 
 Andrea Glimcher 
 Ann Hamilton 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Linda Blumberg 
 Dorsey Waxter, Adam Sheffer, and Linda Blumberg 
 Marie-Josee and Henry R. Kravis 
 Dorsey Waxter, Dale J. Burch, Linda Blumberg, and Adam Sheffer 
 J Tomilson Hill and Sue Hostetler 
 Alexander Acquavella and Nicholas Acquavella 
 Bengimen Genocchio, J Tomilson Hill, and Janine Hill 
 Kim Heir-Evans
            and Audrey Gruss
 Christo 
 Jerry Saltz 
 Glenn D. Lowry 
 Martha Wilson 
 Peter Kraus, Richard Armstrong, and Jill Kraus 
The Four Arts' Contemporaries Gala, Rock the Casbah.
 Mary Willis, Mary Brittain Cheatham, Sara Groff, Bettina Anderson, Binkie Orthwein, and Morgan Whalen 
 Mary Kirk Griswold and Allison Ridder 
 Bobby and Chris Leidy 
 Jeffrey Caldwell, Ryan Jones, Frances Leidy Mackay, Rory Mackay, and Jason Ebelthite 
 Dack Patriarca and Hilary Jordan 
 Emmanuela Marcello, Mark Marcello, Todd Savage, and Missy Savage 
 James Berwind and Kevin Clark 
 Lizzi Bickford and Trey Sned 
 Jay and Natasha Steinle 
 Nancy Lumsden and Maura Christu 
 Kim Yaseen, Lis Waterman, Darcy Gould, Audrey Gruss, Mariana Kaufman, and Candy Hamm 
 Roric Tobin, Amy Hoadley, and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Robbin Gaudieri and Luce Churchill 
 Annette Friedland with Kathy and Alan Bleznak 
 Robert and Eileen Judell with Bruce Bierman 
 Mai Hallingby Harrison and William and Suzanne McDonough 
 Scott Snyder and Audrey Gruss 
 Pat Cook, Bob Nederlander 
 Mona de Sayve, Arlene Dahl and Kathy Bleznak 
 Sommer and Jonathan Farkas 
 Mark and June Ackermann 
 George and Carla Mann 
 Susan Malloy, Mario Nievera and Grace Meigher 
 Myrna and Harvey Daniels and Bev Sommers 
 Tom McCarter and Frances Scaife 
 Jim Dubin, Judy and Dr. Alan Morse 
 Felicia Taylor and Margo Nederlander 
 Marc Rosen, Beth deWoody and Tom Quick 
 Talbott Maxey and Don Burns 
 Frances Fisher, Joyce Sang, and Sally Soter 
 Tina Bilotti and Megan Bilotti 
 Dusty Sang, Dr. Ellen Frank, and Dr. David Kupfer 
 Micah Ford and Kristen Ray 
 Brantley Knowles, Ross Meltzer, and Laura Evans 
 Mary Ellen McGrath and Joan Lucier 
 Linda Van Dyck with Bruce and Lori Gendelman 
 Frances Fisher and Dr. Janet Wozniak 
 Liza Calhoun and Helen Guest 
The stars gather at Spago's. (At left, Lazar.)
The Annual Vanity Fair Oscar Party in 1992.
 Annie Leibovitz 
Portia De Rossi and Ellen Degeneres
 Tom Ford 
 Adam Scott 
 Paul Rudd 
 Carole Bayer Sager and Robert A. Daly 
 Fran Lebowitz 
 Marshall Rose and Candice Bergen 
 Jerry Jones and Gene Jones 
 Emma Heming and Bruce Willis 
 Brett Ratner 
 Simon Baker and Rebecca Rigg 
 David Benioff and Amanda Peet 
 Simone Johnson and LL Cool J 
 Sofia Vergara 
 Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski 
 Diane Kruger 
 Isla Fisher 
 Harrison Ford and Calista Flockhart 
 Mickey Rooney 
 Evan Rachel Wood 
 Nancy Davis and Barbara Davis 
 Gabrielle Union 
 Crystal Renn 
 Rachel Lauder, William Lauder, and Danielle Lauder 
 Doutzen Kroes 
 Brian Grazer and Jimmy Iovine 
 Keltie Knight 
 Jackie Collins 
 Sherry Lansing and William Friedkin 
 Penny Marshall 
 Will Arnett 
 Elizabeth Banks 
 Serena Williams 
 Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan-Tatum 
 Reese Witherspoon 
 Ryan Seacrest 
 Zooey Deschanel 
 Kerry Washington 
 Martin Short 
 Penelope Cruz 
 Mikaela Shiffrin and Maddie Bowman 
 Christina Hendricks 
 David O. Russell and Spike Jonze 
 Kristen Bell 
 Anna Kendrick 
 Luke Hemsworth, Liam Hemsworth, and Chris Hemsworth 
 Rashida Jones 
 Ali Hewson, Bono, The Edge, Morleigh Steinberg, Adam Clayton, and Mariana De Carvalho 
 Lily Aldridge 
 Jeremy Renner 
 Kristin Chenoweth 
 Bill Murray and Selena Gomez 
 Jaime King 
 Morgan Neville, Janet Friesen, and Caitrin Rogers 
 Kelly Preston and John Travolta 
Lupita Nyong'o
Sheherazade Goldsmith and Alfonso Cuaron
Amy Adams
Harvey Weinstein and Georgina Chapman
Doutzen Kroes
Kim Magnusson and Anders Walter
"One Enchanted Evening: In the Garden, Under the Stars, By the Sea" in the Moore Grand Lawn of The Four Arts Hulitar Sculpture Gardens.
Gloria Vanderbilt and Andrew Slaby
Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper
Geoffrey Bradfield and Roric Tobin
Paul Daniel and Cathrine Perno
Matthew Smyth and  Berry Goralnick
Alfred Vanderbilt and Stella Kalweit
Charlotte Moss
Christopher Mason
Amy Fine Collins
Ghislain de Noue, Elena de Noue, Benoist Drut, and Georgina Schaeffer
Louise Hirschfeld and Lewis  Cullman
Randall Tysinger and Amy Zook
Christopher Coleman and Brian del Toro
Lauren Hackney, Justine Barnes, Sarah Ross, and Cait McDonagh
Billy Norwich and Freddie Leiba
David Spirt and Rory Carlton
Susan Gutfreund
Michael Musto
Stacey McLaughlin and Noel Aird
Stefani Cucuteanu, Blair Douglas, and Emma Lazarus
Samantha Stein and Roy Kean
Ten Girls on the Isle of Capri, 2013
J.C.O. by the Sea, 2013
Islands, 2013
Girl Dreaming, 2013
 Camille Henderson, Shannon Henderson, and Elise Henderson 
 Paige Hardy, Kamie Lightburn, and Mary Van Pelt 
 Charlotte Turchyn, Ellen Turchyn, and Callie Turchyn 
 Gail London and Kate London 
 Dana Schiff and Family 
 Abigail Kidd and Stacey Kidd 
 James Tozer, Katie Tozer, Jennifer Argenti, and Virginia Argenti 
 Jill Swid and Julia Ross 
 Jay Potter, Lee Potter, and Paige Potter 
 Jill Roosevelt, Celeste Boele, and Melissa Vlak 
 Lily Takian, Margot Takian, Randy Takian, and Olivia Takian 
 Rema Parachini, Pierce Parachini, Whit Anderson, and Liz Anderson 
 Lisa Ruth and Charlie Ruth 
 Martin Okner and Lukas Okner 
 Mary Van Pelt and Julia Burgess 
 Poppy and Wibby Sevener 
 Nicholas Jachmich and Alex Jachmich 
 Waverly Moses, Oliver Moses, Taft Moses, and Alexis Moses 
 Marvin and Mary Davidson with Peggy and Dudley Moore 
 Mary Davidson, Gil Mauer, and Peggy Moore 
 Suzette Smith and Luc Petre 
 Dudley and Peggy Moore 
 Frances Scaife and Tom McCarter 
 Tom and Melinda Hassen 
 Michael Witmer  and Kit Pannill 
 Anson and Debra Beard with Lynn and John McAtee 
 Kate Gubelmann and Tom Quick 
 Robert  and Joanne De Guardiola with Alfy Fanjul 
 Howard and Michele Kessler 
 James Borynack and Maura Benjamin 
 Maureen Donnell and Amb Edward Elson 
Hilary Geary Ross and Wilbur Ross
Diane Lokey Farb, Dr. Alan Bentz, and Sally Bentz
Gigi and Harry Benson
Stanley and Elizabeth Scott
Llwyd and Diana Ecclestone
MacKinzie Amadon, Kip Forbes, and Donald Burns
Clydette and Charles DeGroot
The dinner scene at  The New York Botanical Garden's annual Orchid Dinner.
"Key West Contemporary," the theme of the 12th Annual Orchid Show at the Garden, served as the creative source for each of the imaginative centerpieces.
Caroline Englefield, Tina Swartz, Gregory Long, Deborah Royce, and Whitney Clay
 Kevin Sharkey and Martha Stewart 
  Deborah Royce and Mark Gilbertson
 Susan Johnson, Martha Stewart, and Henry Johnson
 Roric Tobin 

 Alison Spear  
            and  
            Alex Reese

 Ilene Johnson 
 Francesca Vuillemin and Megan Zilis with friends

 Danielle Rollins and 
           Marilyn Kirschner

Susanna Salk, David Scott, Sherrill Canet, and Doug Roach
Whitney Clay and Tina Swartz
David Thiergartner, Carolyn Gregg, and Steven Delatorre
  Phillip Gorrivan and Caroline Englefield
 Marilyn Kirschner and Daniel Lombardi 
 Martha Stewart, Gregory Long, and Elliot Nolen 
Carl Weatherly-White, Allison Sampson, and Tripp Sampson
 Barbara Tober, Gregory Long, and Barbara Cirkva 
 Kevin McLaughlin, Martha Glass, Barbara McLaughlin, and Melanie Holland 
 Polly Onet, Jack Lynch, and Martha Glass 
 Kevin McLaughlin and Jeffrey Banks 
 Sonya Verny and Gay Schaye 
 Eileen Holcombe and Scott Fazzini 
 John Glass, Amy Hoadley, and Chappy Morris 
 Deborah McGovern and James McGovern 
 Elizabeth Fuller and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Kent Sevener and Melanie Holland 
 Earl Jones, Katherine Miller, Melanie Holland, and Leah Johnson 
 Gordon Connor and Hilary Dick 
 Amanda Schumacher, Paula Butler, Mei Sze Greene, Kathryn Vecellio, Monika Preston, Laurie Silvers, and Rhonda Wilkins 
 Bonnie McElveen-Hunter with Kathryn and Leo Vecellio 
 Mary Ourisman and Stuart Bernstein 
 Kathryn Vecellio 
 Laurie Silvers and Mitchell Rubenstein 
 Kathryn and Leo Vecellio 
 Herme de Wyman Miro and Veronica Atkins 
 Paula and Robert Butler 
 Meredith Maus, Honoree and Executive Director of Main Street Association; John Collins, President of the Board of Trustees, Raynham Hall Museum; Patricia P. Sands, Honoree, Board of Trustees, Raynham Hall Museum; Councilwoman Michelle Johnson, Town of Oyster Bay; John Bonifacio, Honoree, Board President, Main Street Association; Harriet Gerard Clark, Executive Director, Raynham Hall Museum; Maureen Brennan, Board of Trustees, Raynham Hall. 
 Margaret Witham, Catherine Sands, Patricia Sands, Elizabeth Petty, John Sands, and Susan Sands 
 Harriet Gerard Clark, Henry Clark, and Emily Gerard 
 Kevin and Barbara Curry with Kim and Joseph Onorato 
 Susan and John Sands with Edward Mohlenhoff 
 Cindy and Donald Morrongiello 
 John O'Hare, Earlene O'Hare, Brian O'Hare, and Kathy O'Hare 
 Susan and Donald Zoeller 
 Carol Silva and Robert Reilly 
 Fran and Dan Covello 
 Ragnar Knutsen, Rita Cleary, Laureen Knutsen, and Gil Ott 
 Maureen and Mickey Brennan 
 Rebecca and Charles Finelli 
 Elizabeth Sands Petty, Joan Shepard, Catherine Sands, Margaret S. Witham, and Susan Meldau Sands 
 Kathy and Thomas Zoller 
 Robert and Deborah Hussey 
 Rita and Jim Roselle 
 Clifford Packingham and Tracey Dellomo 
 Sandy and Nelson DeMille 
 Zac Nudo and Constance Cincotta 
 Howard and Alex Sutherland 
 Thomas Calabrese, Richard Weir, and David Lamb 
 Edward Mohlenhoff, Marianne Nash, and Anthony Meyer 
 Julian and June Fisher 
 Michelle Chamberlain and Michael Anhouse 
 Christopher and Rebecca Lawton Flatters, and John Collins 
 Lucie Bard and Mary Beth Donohue 
 Fran Walker, Liz Brown, and Diana Collins 
 Josie Conelley and Victor Camacho 
 Nicole Menchise, Chris Wool, and Theresa Skvarla 
 Virginia and Stuyvesant Pierrepont III 
Chairmen of the Director's Council with Susan Henshaw Jones, Director of MCNY, at  Museum of the City of New York's Winter Ball.
Scott and Leah Soltas
Renee Rockefeller and Jill Roosevelt 
 Sloan and Alexander Overstrom 
 Clifford and Lea Carpenter Brokaw with Tara and Michael Rockefeller 
 The Brokaws and Marina Rust and Ian Connor 
Lea Carpenter Brokaw, Mark Gilbertson, and Marina Rust Connor 
 Dennis Basso, Michael Cominotto, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
Jennifer Creel
Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia and Stephanie Foster
Polina Proshkina
Annabelle and Gregory Fowkes
Eric Villency and Caroline Fare
 Charlie and Sara Ayres with Christine and Steve Schwarzman 
Randy Kemper and Tony Ingrao
Chris and Amanda Meigher
 George and Anne Baker with Tatiana and Thorne Perkin
Nina Junot and Martha Glass
 Ara and Rachel Hovnanian
 Victor Geraci and Amy Hoadley 
  Dr. Steven Butensky, Di Petroff, and Marshall Heyman
Karen Klopp, Chappy Morris, and Debbie Bancroft
Frederick Anderson, Valesca Guerrand-Hermes, and Marisa Noel Brown and Matthew Brown
Helen Lee Shifter with Fran and Ros L'Esperance
Angela Stump, Nicole Miller, and Stephanie Clark
 Amy Fine Collins
Meg and Doug Braff
Allison and Peter Rockefeller
 Leonel Piraino and Nina Griscom
 Mark Gilbertson, Trevor Traina, and  George Farias
 Merrill Curtis, Nicole Hanley Mellon, and Lesley Schulhof
Yana Balan, Yan Assoun, and Polina Proshkina
Annabel Vartanian Jeffries
Mary and Guy Van Pelt
Julia Koch, William Astor, and Peggy Siegal
Chris  and Kate Allen
Chele Chiavacci and Richard Farley
Tory Burch and Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos
 Deborah Norville and Karl Wellner 
Nancy Sambuco and Kristen Clark
Jared Goss and Susan Henshaw Jones, Director of MCNY
Averell Mortimer and Bruce Colley
John and Jackie Santos, Peeka and Art Tildesley, Evelyn Tomkins, Robert Buxton, Tracey and Bob Boyle, and Tolomy Erpf
Alexandra Porter and her table
 Reem Acra, Pilar wearing Reem Acra, and Montgomery Frazier 
Modeling Reem Acra ...
 Alyson Cafiero, Montgomery Frazier, Nawel Gergi, Ben Mindich, Ingie Hassan, and Katy Mundell 
 Barbara Tober and Meriel Lari 
 Ben Mindich and Anait Bian 
 Cathy Hardwick 
 Irene Moscahlaidis, Joan Hardy Clarke, and Kathleen Hearst 
 Irene Moscahlaidis 
 Judy Auchincloss and Stephanie Stokes 
 Kathryn Rotella and Catherine Petree-Biron 
 Katie Ziglar and Reem Acra 
 Lee Robinson, Evelyn Tompkins, and Marlene Herring 
 Mariam Azarm, Muna Rihani Al-Nasser, and Noreen Buckfire 
 Melba Ruffo di Calabria 
 Michele Gerber Klein 
 Mona Aboelnaga, Shiva Farouki, Ranya Idilby, and Ann Nitze 
 Montgomery Frazier, Reem Acra, and Ben Mindich 
 Motgomery Frazier and Anait Bian 
 Muna Rihani Al-Nasser, Stephanie Stokes, and Katie Ziglar 
 Shiva Farouki, Ranya Idilby, and Mona Aboelnaga 
 Susan Gutfreund and Ann Nitze 
 Apollo Theater's Fourth Annual Dining with the Divas Luncheon.
 Dining with the Divas Committee members Michelle Gadsden-Williams, Jacqueline Nickelberry and Yolanda Ferrell-Brown with Divas host Tamara Tunie, Jonelle Procope and Committee members Carolyn Mason and Michelle Adkins 
 Dining with the Divas ...
 Apollo president and CEO, Jonelle Procope and  Tamara Tunie 
 Dining with the Divas co-chairs Michelle Gadsden-Williams, Managing Director, Talent, Branding & Communications Credit Suisse, Carolyn Mason, Owner & Creative Director Love Notes and Jacqueline Nickelberry, Owner JHowell Holdings LLC 
 Karen Chaplin and Lucy Ferrell-Scott 
 Yolanda Ferrell-Brown, president Ferrell-Brown Design, Inc., Georgia Garinois, senior vice president of Corporate marketing Estee Lauder, Tracey Travis, executive vice president and CFO Estee Lauder, Kathleen Longo, director of corporate programs Esteee Lauder, and Dorian Woodruf 
 Carolyn Mason, Rita Jammet,  Yolanda Ferrell-Brown, and Michelle Gadsden-Williams 
 Diva Committee Member Shawn Outler (Right)  and friends 
 Jonelle Procope and Josie Thomas 
 Jonelle Procope,  Josie Thomas, Joan Jakobson, Jennifer Scully-Lerner, and Carolyn Mason 
 Jennifer Jones Austin, Jonelle Procope, Josie Thomas,  Lisa S. Coico, and Lauren Maillian-Bias 
 Adrienne Johnson and friend 
 Jonelle Procope with Divas committee members Rita Jammet, Michelle Adkins and Divas co-chair, Jacqueline Nickelberry 
 Debra Shriver, with Joyce Newman and Wendi Newman 
 Jonelle Procope and Lisa Quiroz 
 Jonelle Procope with Joan Haffenreffer 
 Crystal McCrary, Thelma Golden, Debra Martin Chase, and friend 
 Eric Sorlie  and friends 
 Jonelle Procope,  Emil Wilbekin, Jacqueline Nickelberry, Debra Shriver, Judith Hill, and Rev. Dr. Jacqueline J. Lewis 
 Lucy Ferrell-Scott (left) and guests 
 Lisa Simonson, Amber Patton,  and Dr. Holly Phillips 
 Tai Beauchamp (center), Judith Hill (right) and friend (left) 
 Young collectors ... 
 Emily Israel Pluhar, Wendy Goodman, Isaac Mizrahi, Courtney Booth, and Stephanie Clark 
 Robin Lawson and Keita Turner 
 Catherine Sweeney Singer, Stephanie Clark, Emily Israel Pluhar, Courtney Booth, and Lucinda Ballard 
 Ashley Rettenmaier, Chelsea Dean, and Margaret Boyle 
 Evelyn Salvarinas 
 Stephanie Clark, Emily Israel Pluhar, Debra Del Vecchio, Claudio Del Vecchio, and Courtney Booth 
 Barbara Israel and Emily Israel Pluhar 
 Jesse Carrier and Julia Kadioglu 
 Geoffrey Bradfield 
Michel Piranesi, Shannon Porthault, Mary Mahoney, Jean Shafiroff, Leah Rumbough, Cole Rumbough, Kiera Rumbough, Morgan O' Connor, Pamela O'Connor, Scott Moses, and Nick Ryan
Laura Codman and Leah Rumbough
Jean Shafiroff and Mary Mahoney
 Cesare Barro and Shannon Porthault
Gerti Kleikamp, Dr. Perrin Blank, and Diane de la Begassiere
Victoria Murphy
Anka Palitz and Michel Piranesi 
Julia Burns and Stanley Rumbough
Eileen Louissant
Lou and Nicole DiCocco
Morton and Judy Shimkus
Morgan O'Connor, Trey Send, Lizzi Bickford, Kiera Rumbough, and Cole Rumbough
Cocktails at The Breakers in Palm Beach for  Caron and Hanley Treatment Centers “Glow” Gala.
 Dana Sciff, Margot Takian, Evelyn Tompkins, and Kathy Prounis 
 Heather Georges, Dr Lisa Airan, and Dr Trevor Born 
 James Whiteside, Herman Cornejo, and Charles Askegard 
 Judith Hoffman, Linda Morris, Kari Tiedemann, and Herman Cornejo 
 Cole Rumbough and Brooke Laing 
Alix Astir and Charles Edward Catherine
 Gunner Overstrom and Jay Moorehead 
 Kathleen Giordano, Cassandra Seidenfeld, Michele Gerber Klein, Lucia Hwong Gordon, and Dawne Marie Grannum 
 Curtis Young, Rosemary Ponzo, and Phaon Spurlock 
 Joseph Fichera and Jennifer Neidig 
 Maria Orengo, Jay Moorehead, Valentino Carlotti, Stanley Rumbough, Jean Shafiroff, Maureen Klinsky, William Allen, and Lloyd Brown 
 Montgomery Frazier, Anait Bian, James Hester, and Ben Mindich 
 Roric Tobin, Geoffrey Bradfield, Margo Langenberg, and Edgar Batist 
 Arnie Rosenshein and Paola Rosenshein 
 Richard Farley and Chele Chiavacci 
 Leah Rumbough, Siena Rumbough, and Lauren Lawrence 
 Roy Kean and Nicole Noonan 
 Vance Gleton, Karl Allen Griggs, and Flo Kennedy 
 Bob Calhoun and Liza Pulitzer Calhoun 
 Sarah Alsofrom, Giovanni Feroce, and Dee Fraser 
 Paul Leone and Drew Rothermel 
Dinner ...
... and Dancing
 Dr. Rachel Docekal and Nellie Benoit 
 Dick and Sally Robinson with Mark and Mary Freitas 
 Joanie and Paul Van der Grift 
 Sean Ferrara, Lilly Leas, Chris Leidy, and Kendal and Mary Britain Cheatham 
 Frank and Molly McGuire 
 Robin Azqueta, Jorie Kent, Rick Holton, and Reute Butler 
 John McGreevy and Lavinia Baker 
 Pam and Mark Begelman 
 CJ and Turner Benoit 
 Jim and Becky Myers 
 Wendy Fritz, Bruce Helander, and Donna Long 
 Cast of "NERDS" performs 
 Guests watching the performance 
 Loy Anderson, Hilary Jordan, Kenn Karakul, and Bettina Anderson 
 Kenn Karakul and Bruce Sutka 
 Janet Levy, Lauri Welteroth, and Rose Carpenter 
 Wyatt Koch and Kristen Alyce 
 Carole Phillips and Bob Eigelberger 
 Anthony Miller and Pamela O'Connor 
 Richard Kaplan, Edwina Sandys, and Bruce Helander 
More clowning around
 Paul and Irina Fisher, Claudia Helander, and Cheryl Gowdy 
 India Paull, Robert Matheson, and Jackie Breckenridge 
 Kristina McPherson, Bettina Anderson, and Hillary Jordon 
 Talbott Maxey and Robby Kahle 
 George Palladino and Vicki Kellogg 
 Ross Meltzer and Victor Figueredo 
 Abigail Trenk with Butch and Melinda Trucks 
 Norm Gitzen and Kat Fox 
 Bob Eigelberger and Bruce Sutka 
 Winners Nick Dello Joio, Tim McQuay, and Nicole Shahinian Simpson 
 Louise Serio 
 Nick Dello Joio 
 Susie Dutta 
EAF Board Member Jacquie McCutchan, Hunter Judge Linda Andrisani, EAF Board Member Janise Gray, EAF Board Member Patricia Tucker-Brennan, and EAF Board Member Robert Ross
EAF President R. Scot Evans, Phillip Richter, EAF Board Member Sarah Willeman Richter, EAF Board Member and 2013 Luminary Award Winner R. Bruce Duchossois
 George Tauber, USEF President Chrystine Tauber, Christopher Vance, and Karin Offield 
Dinner guests at The Explorers Club for Empowers Africa's  annual gala dinner.
 Dahomy Agrippa, Brooke Harlow, Will Irwin, Kathy Irwin, Claudius Agrippa, Amy Griffin, John Griffin, and Malcolm Swisher 
 Governor Christie and John Griffin 
 William McLanahan and Gabrielle Bacon 
 Christina Dedona and Eleanor Ylvisaker 
 Julia Koch and Diana DiMenna 
 Dara O'Hara, Cathy Price, Tiffany Moller, Amy Griffin, and Peggy Bitler 
 Blaire Husain, Sara Ayres, and Peggy Bitler 
 Danielle and David Ganek with Tory Burch 
 Simone Mailman and Jill Roosevelt 
 Larry and Sarahmay Robbins, Amy Griffin, and Brooke Harlow 
 Cocktails at The Explorers Club 
 Nick Brandt prints
 Nina Griscom, Jenny Kennedy, Hillary Scurtis, Lydia Touzet, Donna Corbat, and Zita deZagon 
 David Croland and Beth Rudin DeWoody 
 Donna Corbat and Bonnie Pfiefer Evans 
 Catherine Yelberton and Laura Traphagen 
 Flo Miller, Lindsay Fox, and Marisa Brown 
 Yesim Philip, Nada Navab, and Kami Lightburn 
 Brad Livingstone Black and Taylor Gildersleeve 
 Wayne and Pat Isom 
 Laura Welch and Kathleen Histon 
 Paola and Arnold Rosenshein 
 Roy and Mary Judelson 
 Jenny Kennedy, Chris Mack, and Michele Gradin 
 Jon Cummings and Holly Hegener 
 Michael and Donna Corbat with Krista Krieger 
 Molly Sims, Lisa Lewis, Zita de Zagon, and Donnat Corbat 
 Nina Griscom and Nicci Young Wiese 
 Patrica Price and Laurie Rising 
 Special guest Hoda Kotb and Komen Greater NYC CEO  Linda McNeil Tantawi
 Special guest Hoda Kotb (fourth from right) with Komen Greater NYC Young Professionals Executive Committee (L-R) Steve Simmons, John Petzold, Pablo Ogarrio, Sandra Kozlowski, Dawn Reinholtz, Nicole Sebastian and Bobby Waldele 
 Guests on the Trading Floor listen to the program 
 Komen Greater NYC Board member and his fiancée Amy Tremonti 
 Dancing to DJ Jason Fioto 
 Dr. Gerald Loughlin, Dr. Laura Forese, Maria Giulia Maramotti, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Dr. Herbert Pardes 
 Gretchen Englander, Leslie Finerman, Ritu Sahai-Mittal, Anjli Bhandari, Vaughn Dorrian, Marcie Pantzer, and Angela Clofine 
The Komansky Center for Children's Health at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell's 4th annual Plates for Pediatrics benefit at the St. Regis
 Michael Clofine, Angela Clofine, Michael Dorrian, and Vaughn Dorrian 
 Allison Aston 
 Manish Mittal and Ritu Sahai-Mittal 
 Marcie and Jordan Pantzer 
Jill Kargman and Aviva Drescher
 Maggie Gyllenhaal
            and Maria Giulia Maramotti
Jennifer Oken, Kathy Thomas, and Angela Clofine
Erica Samuels
Kristin Urrano, Erik Oken, and Jennifer MacLear
 Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka 
 Zachary Levi and Kal Penn 
 Violinist Christian Hebel and Rachael Harris 
 Erin Davie 
 Michael Mayer 
 Cady Huffman, Eddie Korbich, Brandi Burkhardt, James Barbour, and Marc Kudisch 
 Krysta Rodriguez 
 Zach Braff 
 Perez Hilton 
 Ben Rappaport 
 Aida Turturro, Tom Murro, and Sasha Cohen 
 Sonja Morgan 
 Constantine Maroulis 
 Patricia Richardson and Betty Gilpin 
 Wang Boming, Zhang Xin, and friends at  China Arts Foundation's Chinese New Year Celebration.
 Sun Guoxiang, Zhang Xin, and Angela Chen 
 The Honorable Nicholas Platt, Wash SyCip, Steven Rockefeller, Kimberly Rockefeller, and Christian Rockefeller 
 Monling Landegger, Angela Chen, Renee Landegger, and Mitzi Perdue 
 Peng Ning, Thomas Moore, Sun Guoxiang, Robert Lawrence, Angela Chen, and Sasha Grinberg 
 Steven Rockefeller, Kimberly Rockefeller, and Christian Rockefeller 
Wang Boming
 Andrew Serwer and Stephen A. Schwarzman 
 Monling Landegger and Sandy Lee 
 Steve Zhu, Yifeng Zhang, and Anson Zhang 
 Jason Carter, Angela Chen, Geoffrey Bradfield, Yu Bai, and Jonathan Mechanic 
 Didi Pei, Sophia Sheng, and Spence Porter 
 Elliott Donnelley and Joanna Fu 
 Lei Zimmerman, Zoe Shan, Xiaoning Wang, and Cathy Sun 
 Scott Walker, Andrea Scalisi, and Wendy Li 
 Catherine Petree and Nari Narayanan 
 Leslie Puth, Richard Johnson, Christine Schwarzman, and Andrew Serwer 
 Merit Janow, Stephen Orlins, and Mable Chan 
 Yu Long, Steven Rockefeller, and Zhang Xin 
 Zu Jing and Carl Landegger 
 George Landegger, Renee Landegger, Monling Landegger, and Paul Yo 
 Sasha Grinberg and Ashleigh Au 
 Meifang Chang and Sandy Chen 
 Melissa Berkelhammer, Wang Boming, and Carrie Lee 
 Pre-luncheon  at The Breakers 
L. to r.: Mr. Lauder opens the luncheon;  Alina Cho talks about Evelyn Lauder's legacy and BCRF's work ;  Roz Goldstein
 The Panel: Chairman of BCRF's Scientific Advisory Board Dr. Cliffor Hudis, grantees Joan Marks, Dr. Kenneth Offit and Dr. Nadine Tung, and BCRF Scientific Advisor Dr. Larry Norton 
 The Venetian Room at the Breakers during the fashion show put on by Neiman Marcus
 Leonard Lauder and Myra Biblowit annouce the winner of the raffle for $30,000 Margot McKinney earrings at close of luncheon 
 Susie Elson and Frances Scaife, Co-chairman of the luncheon 
 Beth Pine of Neiman Marcus and designer David Meister 
 Raysa Fanjul and Petra Levin (both on the event's host committee) 
 Kimberly Kosanovich and Pauline Pitt 
 Judith Schlager and Sandra Krakoff (both co-chairs of the event) 
 Dee Hilfiger, Tommy Hilfiger, BCRF Co-chairman Kinga Lampert, BCRF Co-chairman Leonard Lauder, Alina Cho, Petra Levin 
 Grace Meigher and friend
 Pauline Pitt, Ronnie Heyman, Michele Kessler and Petra Levin 
 Beth Rudin DeWoody and Leonard Lauder 
 Dottie Herman and Don Langdon of Douglas Elliman 
 Donna Stearns and Linda Holliday 
 Stephen and Petra Levin 
 Kelly Coffey, Deputy CEO, US Private Bank, JP Morgan, Leonard Lauder, and Alina Cho 
 Frances Scaife and Tom McCarter 
 Dottie Herman, Mr. Lauder, and Betsy Green 
 Edward and Suzanne Elson 
 Diana Ecclestone with Howard and Michele Kessler 
 Larry and Judith Schlager, Myra Biblowit, and Sandra Krakoff 
 Carolee Freidlander, Myra Biblowit, Eddie Lampert and wife, Kinga, Co-Chairman of BCRF 
 Mary Ellen Pappas Sydell Miller 
 Harry and Laura Slatkin with Dee and Tommy Hilfiger 
 Laura and Stephen Lang 
 Bill Belichick, coach of the New England Patriots, and Judi Schlager 
 Linda Holliday and Larry Schlager 
 Laura Slatkin and Alina Cho 
Christopher Rim, Roberta Lowenstein, Jim Luce, Jill Pollans, and Jeremy Hu
Alfred Gryszkiewicz, Jim Luce, Matthew Kennedy, Joey Lowenstein, and Roberta Lowenstein
H.E. Dr. Palitha Kohona, Sri Lankan Ambassador to the U.N.
Roberta Lowenstein and Anna Castillo
Bridget Henn, Andraya Guttzeit, Joey Lowenstein, and Ashley Eisenstadt
Jill Pollans, Karen Wenderoff, Melinda Iverson, and Ruth Antrich
 Luce Leader Christopher Rim and Ikenna Nzeley
Virginia Breen and Jim Zucco
Ashwani Agrawal and Shan Navaratnam
Loretta Wu and Maria Sierra with Dr. Judy Kuriansky
Madhav Tadikynda  Angela Patel  Tracy Pregean, Natalie Miller, and Erin Wied
Tad Sudol AIA and Jim Luce
Doris Cramer
Vishu Grover, Legacy H.S. Director
Flo and Julie Tupler
Sara Herbert Galloway, Jeremy Hu, and Daniela Zahradnikova
Jordan, Holly, Avery, and Howard Levinson
Jim Luce with Kate Baker
Alex Antoine, Ekua Musumba, Meera Kajendrakumar, Deepti Shukla, and Ashwani Agrawal
Stephane Duret, Dr. Danielle Duret, Jim Luce, and Evens Anozine
Linda Fell, Linda Morse, Judith M. Hoffman, Sergey Gordeev, Gary Brandt, Barbara Brandt, Irene Shen, Carla Johnson, Margot London, and Irene Minkoff at  Youth America Grand Prix's  "The Making of an Artist."
Lisa  Errico, Grace Meigher, Helena Martinez, Martha Glass, Dr. Paul Meyers, Shoshanna Gruss, Veronica Swanson Beard, Rebekah McCabe, and Shabnam Henry at  The Society of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 's  Winter Lunch at DANIEL. 
Dr.  Paul Meyers and Martha Glass 
Lisa Errico, Grace Meigher, Helena Martinez, Veronica Swanson Beard, Rebekah McCabe, and Shabnam Henry 
 Jen Brill 
 Christine Schwarzman
            and Barbara Cirkva
 Patricia Lansing, Shoshanna Gruss, and Charlotte Ronson
 Dr. Paul Meyers 
 Veronica Miele Beard
            and Veronica Swanson Beard
 Libby Fitzgerald and Lisa McCarthy 
 Patricia Lansing 
 Sarah Hoover, Rebekah McCabe, and Eleanor Ylvisaker
 Jamee Gregory 
 Ferebee Bishop Taube, Carolina de Neufville, and Emilia Fanjul
 Brett Heyman
            and Melissa Meister
 Ida Liu
            and Angela Dotson
 Allison Aston
            and Emilia Fanjul Pfeifler
Guests milling about
And 
            settling in
 Celerie Kemble and Julie Macklowe 
 Frank Roda, Caitlin Domke, and Alicia Gearty 
 Elizabeth Baker Keffer, Bronson Van Wyck, and Liz Paley 
 Scott Havens and Rebecca Jarvis 
 Steven Brill 
 Michael Powell, Steve Clemens, and Hendrik Hertzberg 
 Eric Spiegel, Michael Powell, and Frank Roda 
 Kara Bloomgarden-Smoke, Justin Silverman, and Drew Hunter 
 Stephen Graham, Tara Peters, and Bronson Van Wyck 
 Natalie Raabe, Emily Lenzner, Scott Havens, and Elizabeth Baker Keffer 
 Ian Roe and John Petry 
 Robert George 
 Robert Zimmerman and Jim Hoge
 Mitra Kalita and Dr. Dambisa Moyo 
 Dan Barasch and Boykin Curry 
 Steve Clemens and Scott Havens 
 Frank Roda, Jennifer Zaslo, and Mark Katz 
 Don Baer and Nick Baer 
 John Petry, Beth Curry, Glenn Hubbard, and Ravenel Curry 
 Quadrille Ball Committee  members at the Pierre Hotel  for the 54th Annual Quadrille Ball.
 Holt Thrasher, Patrick Noonan, David Yarnold, Dan Lufkin, and Nathaniel Reed 
 Dick Jenrette, Holt Thrasher, and Dan Lufkin 
 Marybeth Henson, Peg Olsen, Haley Main, and Chandra Taylor Smith 
 Mary Kay Turner and John Turner 
 Ashia Sheikh, Jon Winthrop, and David Yarnold 
 Steve Kress and Alyssa Wolfson 
 Carol Robbins and Steve Schwarz 
 Jerry Bertrand, Miranda de Pencier, Michael de Pencier, John Mitchell, and Sissy Mitchell 
 Devon Olson, Glenn Olson, and Chelsea Olson 
 Chris Nirschel and Tom Murro 
 Peter Jones and Erin Crotty 
 Peter Kiernan, Eaddo Kiernan, and David Ford 
 Sally Bodie, Kelly Ellison, Chris Peterson, and Tom Luhman 
 Pamela Fielder, Mark Gilbertson, and Eaddo Kiernan 
 Dr. John Connolly and Ingrid Connolly 
 Allison Rockefeller, Ambassador John Loeb, Sharon Loeb, and Caroline Dean 
 Grace Meigher and Chris Meigher 
 Aria Sloss and Andrea de Cholnoky 
 Jennifer Rochkind and Latondra Newton 
 Peter Rockefeller and Mark Rockefeller 
 Susan Patricof and Susan Solomon 
 Kari  and Carl Tiedemann 
 Mary Snow and Ian Snow 
 Janine Atamian, Chandra Taylor Smith, and Betsey Johnson 
 Alexis Maybank and Anson Frelinghuysen 
 Nancy Noonan and Patrick Noonan 
 Carlos Falchi, Missy Falchi, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Jane Alexander and George Archibald 
 Richard Kind, Joni Kimberlin, and Holt Thrasher 
 Dan Lufkin, Leonard Lauder, and Anne Sutherland Fuchs 
 Libby Fitzgerald, Mark Gilbertson, and Evelyn Tompkins 
 Jane Donaldson and Bill Donaldson 
 Trammell Crow, Michael Cain, and Larry Selzer 
 Sandy Golinkin and Janet Ruttenberg 
 Susan Morgenthau, Jane Stopler, Robert Morgenthau, Michael Stopler, and Gianna Biondi 
 Lisa McCarthy and Walter Deane 
 Jay Winthrop and Larry Selzer 
 Robert Morgenthau, Michael Stolper, and Jane Stolper 
 Irmintraud Jost and Thorsten Schmidt 
 Bernard Meyer 
 Quadrille Presentation 
 Miss Germany International Aline Marie and Ian Ferreyra de Bone 
 Count and Countess Dijon von Monteton 
Madame Corinne Mentzelopoulos and  Itzhak Perlman
Robert Loeffler and Toby Perlman
Auctioneer Michael Troise
Robert Weingarten print
Madame Corinne Mentzelopoulos and Randy Yuen
Shelly London
Bidders enjoying the evening
Max Tan and Stella Chen
Morgan Stark and Jeri Sape
Katherine and Peter Kend
Erica  and Bill Steffee
Itzhak Perlman and Mark Goldweitz
Svetlana and Herbert Wachtell
Leora and Steven Levy
Joanna and Daniel Rose
Michael Bunyaner and Gavin Albert
Philippe Newlin and Jennifer Williams-Bulkeley
Liz Lowenstein and Alice Haluhak
Diane and Thomas Tuft
A private cocktail reception to welcome the  Randall’s Island Park Alliance Fielding Dreams NYC Gala Honorees.
 Dean Landis, Caryn Zucker, Jeff Zucker, and Karen Cohen 
 Caryn Zucker and Kate Peck 
 Jeff Zucker, Nancy Neff, and Richard Mack 
 Stacey Bronfman, Matthew Bronfman, and Tasha Genatt 
 Jennifer Rich, Caryn Zucker, and Stephen Rich 
 John Barber and Michael Boxer 
 Karen Cohen, Mark Greene, and Jane Greene 
 Kate Peck, Brad Peck, and Pinky Keehner 
 Michael Boxer and Leonard Boxer 
 Courtney Hall and LaShann Hall 
 Nancy Neff, Bimla Picot, and Richard Gross 
 Nancy Neff and Caryn Zucker 
 Paula Mahoney, Justin Green, and Mark Greene 
 Pat Shifke and Mark Shifke 
 Sam Weinhoff, Aimee Boden, and Richard Gross 
Kate Hemphill and John Yunis
 Frederick Ilchman, Karen Wilkin, and Matthew White 
Ann Hotung, Andrea Karambelas ,and Irina Tolstoy
Chantel Foretich and Nicola Tegoni
Glen Wright, Mary Frank, and Charles Tolbert
Robert Garrett, Tamara Durn, Frederick Ilchman, and Amy Gross
Courtney Jones, Bruce Hortel, Tanny Jones, and Christopher Cooley
agna Rucewicz, Richard Baiano, and Kimberly Tamboer
Pat Lovejoy, Angelina Eschauzier, and Juliet Alexandra
Beatrice Esteve, Claudia Esteve, Jose Esteve, and Tia Chapman
Cynthia Humphrey, Tom Humphrey, Natasha Schlesinger, and Adam Schlesinger
  Rachel Kase and Andrea Kust
Fern Wachter, George Wachter, Stephen Brighenti, and Wanda Brighenti
 Nicolo Foscari and Maria Giulia Prezioso
Karen Wilkin, Christopher Apostle, Hester Diamond, Frederick Ilchman, Mary Frank, and Fred Wilson
 Yildiz Blackstone and Tara Liddle
John Cook, Candice Wexler, Mary Frank, and Howard Frank
Frederick Ilchman, Sarah Ilchman, and Warren Ilchman
The Heinemann family
Robert Ruffino, Naz, and Mario Rinald
Tina and Dacid Storper
Lucia Hwong Gordon and Grace Li
Barbara and Donald Tober
Jesse Peterson and Anita Laljit
Ryan Nessing and Maggie Norris
Bettina Bennett and Victor De Souza
Outside  the Bohemian National Hall for The New York Ceramics Fair.
Inside    the Bohemian National Hall
Chris Spitzmiller, Meg Wendy, and Harry Heissmann
Leslie Ferrin, Ferrin Contemporary
Bernard Derroitte and Paul Jeromack
Carol Sollis
Leslie Grigsby and Ron Fuchs
Rae Stern
Keeil Choi
Marilyn White and Nancy Pearson
Cliff and Holly Lee
Betsy Pochoda
Elizabeth Lees and Meg Wendy
Suzie and Scott Jacobson
 Anita and Sam Michaels 
 Lore Dodge and David Ober 
 Brock Hurely, Charlene Nederlander, James Nederlander,  and Kristina Nederlander 
 Boaz Mazor and Renee Wood 
Hillie Mahoney
 Melinda and Tom Hassen 
 Tom McCarter and Frances Scaife 
 Oscar de la Renta fashion show ...
 Jean Tailer with Anna and Bill Mann 
 Bob and Carol Garvy with Carol and Harvey Baxter 
 Amanda and Charles Schumacher 
 Lucy Musso, David Ober, and Lore Dodge 
 Hospice Evening décor by Scott Snyder 
 Jimmy and Margo Nederlander 
 Bob Nederlander, Pat Cook, and Mark Cook 
 Ginny Burke and Scott Snyder 
 Rachel Strassner and Peter Schuette, GM Saks Fifth Ave PB 
 Maureen Donnell and Naeem Kahn 
 Robert Nederlander and Pat Cook 
 Naeem Kahn, Pamela Fiori, and Michel Witmer
 Melinda and Tom Hassen 
 Bunny Whittaker 
 Lisa and John Cregan 
 Peter and Kay Lyons
            with friends
 Sam and Vicki Hunt 
 Carol Garvy and Naeem Kahn 
 Robin and Norberto Azqueta 
 Hilary and  Wilbur Ross 
 Mei Sze and Jeff Greene 
 Judith and Rudy Giuliani 
 Virginia and Jorge Dominicis 
 Emilia and Jose Pepe Fanjul with Emilia Pfeifler 
 Lourdes and Pepe Fanjul 
 Dixon and Arriana Boardman 
 Judy and Alfred Taubman 
 John Loeb and Sharon Handler Loeb 
 Betty  and John Levin 
 Jonathan and Somers Farkas 
 Somers Farkas, Sharon Loeb, Felicia Taylor, and Muffie Potter Aston 
 Amy Fine Collins and Bradley Collins 
 Barbara Schumacher and Stephen Sills 
 Claudia Walters, Billy Walters, and Sharon Loeb 
 John and Barbara Vogelstein 
 Deborah Norville and Karl Wellner 
 Drew Rothermel, Yardley Manfuso, and Mike Hanley 
 Ann and John Davis 
 Chauncy and Patricia Johnston 
 Anne Keresey, Dr. Rachel Docekal, and Nellie Benoit 
 Julie Lemley and Chris Van Roijen 
 Geoffrey Beene National Scholarship winners.
The scene at 
            the Waldorf Astoria for YMA Fashion Scholarship Fund & Geoffrey Beene Foundation's annual benefit dinner
 Jimmy Rosenfeld 
 Karlie Kloss 
 Larry Appel
            and Bridget Foley
 Joanna Coles
            and Tamara Mellon
 Lana Cain Krauter and Phil Krauter 
 Oscar and George   
            Feldenkreis
 Linda Fargo, Iris Apfel, and Devin Bruce 
 Mara  and Tom Hutton 
 Minty Mellon, Karlie Kloss, and Kimberly Ovitz 
"Venetian Splendor" in the Grand Ballroom at the Mar-a-Lago club
 Susan G. Komen President and CEO Dr. Judy Salerno, Chief Scientific Advisor and Scientific Advisory Board Co-chair Dr. Eric Winer, and Nancy Brinker 
 Alvaro and Kelly Gomez with John and Kelly Darnell 
 Erick and Lady Susan Reickert 
 Valerie Kaan, William Lilly, and Carol and Howard Zemski 
 Peter and Palm Beach Council Candidate Penny Townsend 
 Tim Gannon and Phil Hentle 
 Lauren Vogel, Margarette Shim, Anabella Rockwell, and Kathleen Gannon 
 Ashley VanMetre, Kristiane Kristensen, and Alison VanMetr 
 Herme de Wyman Miro and Brian Saipe with costumed greeter 
 Bobby Leidy and Ivey Day 
 Page Smith 
 Tommy Morrison, Kali Fourtuna, and Arvo Katajisto 
 Cameron Lickle, Sasha Lickle, and Garrison Lickle 
 Lilly Leas with Kevin and Minnie McCluskey 
 Brad and Carol Bradbeer 
 Wyatt Koch, Renee Barron, Julia Sushelsky, and Donald Scott 
 Mary Victoria Falzarano 
 Analisa Muti, Christopher Dischino, and Lindsay Strafuss 
 Brett Overman and Marley Goodman Overman 
 YoungArts Artistic Advisor and Master Teacher, Frank Gehry 
 Gala Emcee Brian Stokes Mitchell, Arison Award Winner Rita Moreno and YoungArts Master Teacher Rosie Perez 
 YoungArts President and CEO Paul T. Lehr and Arison Award Winner Rita Moreno 
 YoungArts President and CEO Paul T. Lehr with 
            YoungArts Alumni Award Winner Andrew Rannells 
 YoungArts Master Teacher Rosie Perez 
YoungArts Campus Gala After Party
 Chris Leidy and Liza Pulitzer 
 Bobby Leidy and Payson Coleman 
 Cat and Tom Miller 
 Dr. Ahmad and Cherie Toufanian 
 Drew Rothermel and Clark Appleby 
 Linda and Leverett Miller 
 Michelle and Joseph Jacobs 
 Bob and Judy Snyder 
 Robbi and Bruce Toll with Jennifer and Brett Schulman 
 Diane Belfer with Sherry and Kenneth Endelson 
 Lois and Martin Zelman 
 Capt. Robert and Pandora Crippen 
 Capt. Robert Crippen and Dr. Edgar Mitchell 
 Lew Crampton and William Meyer 
 Frances and Jeffrey Fisher and Elizabeth Gordon 
 Rachel Strassner, Stacey Leuliette, Elizabeth Gordon and Peter Schuette 
 Kate Arrizza and Jon and Jennifer Schmidt 
 Dale and Kathy Hedrick and Karly and Heath Randolph 
 Helene Lorentzen, Frances Fisher, Elizabeth Gordon 
Ellen Levine  addresses the guests at at the Metropolitan Club

Swanee Hunt

Ellen Levine 
Ellen Levine and Swanee Hunt
Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D.
 Jennifer Kinderman, Amy Rose Beresin, Claire Rost, Heather Aron Schulman, and Courtney Di Mauro          
Lloyd Sederer and Swanee Hunt
Connie and Steve Lieber with Herbert Pardes, M.D.
 Lisa Kornblau, Jinny Silver, and Cheryl MacLachlan          
Event co-chair Bob Reynolds, Pops conductor Keith Lockhart, Kristen Chenowith, co-chair David Long, and Chairman of BSO Board of Trustees Ted Kelly
John Henry and Keith Lockhart
Natalie Jacobson and Bob Reynolds
Bob Reynolds and David Long with Ted Kelly in the center
Keith Lockhart conducts while Boston Mayor Tom Menino narrates Twas the Night Before Christmas
John Henry leads the Boston Pops
Keith Lockhart unveils the 2013 Red Sox Trophy before John Henry guest conducts the Boston Pops
Keith Lockhart and Kristen Chenoweth with the Boston Pops
Keith Lockhart and Kristen Chenoweth with the Boston Pops and Boston Children's Chorus
 Chloe Ching, Director of Client Engagement Marketing, Deutsche Bank and 2013 Volunteer of the Year Award recipient; Lauren Profeta, Assistant Director of Development, Benefit Fund; Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo; Brian Cassidy, Vice President, Client Promotion, Deutsche Bank and 2013 Volunteer of the Year Award recipient. 
 Martha Williams, Teaneck, New Jersey resident and wife of fallen Fireman Johnnie Williams; Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo, Director of Development, Benefit Fund; Marcela Leahy, Staten Island resident and wife of fallen Police Officer James Leahy; Carmen Suarez, Glendale resident and wife of fallen Police Officer Ramone Suarez
 Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo; Margaret Mosomillo Astoria, Queens resident and wife of fallen NYPD Officer Anthony Mosomillo; Patricia Gillespie, Lindenhurst, New York resident and wife of fallen NYPD Officer Kevin Gillespie
 CC and Amber Sabathia 
            with Madison Square Boys & Girls and the Columbus Clubhouse dance team at Madison Square Boys & Girls Club's 47th Annual Christmas Tree Ball. 
 Jeff Scott, Nalinai Scott, CC Sabathia, Amber Sabathia, Halene Holland, and Sonni Holland 
 Ambassador Bruce Gelb with his wife Lueza and Youth of the Year Aieyla S. and Luc D. 
 Luc and Aieyla with Miss New York Amanda Mason 
 Yankees CFO and VP Rob Brown and his wife Diedre with Youth of the Year Aieyla and Luc 
 Employees of Lenox Advisors 
 Board of Trustees President and Vice-Chairman of CTPartners Barry Bregman 
 George Gillespie and William Parrett 
 Bruce Helander, Wendy Fritz, and Donna Long 
 Cheryl Gowdy and Jim Pappas 
 Carl Bartel and Ben Stein 
 Allison and Todd Reckson 
 Scott Moses and Pamela O'Connor 
 Robert Hamon and Bruce Helander 
 Andrea Martin, Susanna Eloyan, Polina Sharafyan, Narek
            Baldryan, and Victor Garber 
 Victor Garber, Carol Haggerty, and Dr. Garo Armen 
 Alysia Saroyan Ekizian, Greg Ekizian, and Melanie Ekizian 
 Ara Hacet, Sonya Hacet, Elsa and David Salari 
 Marianne and Garo Tateosian 
 Alex Hoos and Patricai Marinello 
 Chrystal Stone with Bill and Trudy Jordan 
 Anna Afeyan, Noubar Afeyan, Armine Afeyran, and Taleen Afeyran 
 Janine Atamian, Aret Tikiryan, and Michael Aram 
 Patricia Field and Dr. Garo Armen 
 Aram, Nairi Nanor, Hilda, and Saro Hartounian 
 Max Teicher and Alex Teicher 
 Khajak Keledjian, Sophie Naufal, Maryam Keledjian, Chake, Sari and Haro Keledjian 
 Kerry Butler 
 Samantha Feinberg 
 Narek Baldryan 
 Victor Garber 
 Dr. Garo Armen and Andrea Martin 
 Susanna Eloyan 
 Helen Johnson and Mary Anne Levine 
 Nancy Jane Loewy, Jeffrey Loewy, and Trish Klestadt 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Trisky Singian, and Roric Tobin 
 Heidi Bianco and Ali Fuge 
 Bourne Welsh, Fred Clark, and Stephanie Clark 
 Norman Rau and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Peter Nkongho and Alice Hunsberger 
 Kyle Ridaught and Michelle Mongulla 
 Tom Zacharias
            and Evelyn Tompkins
 Roberta Schneiderman 
 Daphne Matalene, Zoe Bryant, and Aimae Amato 
 Kevin McLaughlin and Mary Davidson 
 Michael Quinn and Elizabeth Belfer 
 Helena and Roman Martinez 
 Lisa Bernstein 
 Mary Ann Levine, Ruby Almeda, and Marie McCarty 
 Nicole Limbocker and Victoria Anstead 
 Francis and Williman Bruder 
 Henry  and Carla Darlington 
 Tika  and Bill Brewer 
 Jeffrey Morrison and Adrian Gordon 
 Russell  and Helen Pennoyer 
 Marcia  and Georgina Schaeffer
 Jamie Klatsky and Jodi Sandler 
 Chris and Grace Meigher 
 Jack Lynch and Susan Nelly 
Mona de Sayve and Ann Downey
India Paull, Ashley Webster, and Ashley Bell
Kim Campbell, Mark Ackermann, and Carla Mann
Nancy Paul, Marc Rosen, and Arlene Dahl
Kit  Pannill and Talbott Maxey
Frannie Scaife  and Susie Elson
 Ann Galvani, Leigh Lombardi, and Darylia Olsen
 Gianni and Claudia Minervini with Cindy and Ted Mandes 
 Mitchell Rubenstein, Laurie Silvers, Hali Utstein, and David Silvers 
 Steven and Laurie Gottlieb 
 Jeffery Bland and Jane Mitchell 
 Craig and Shelley Menin 
 Jeff and Gina Sabean 
 Carolyn and Richard Sloane 
 Mariann Tenaglia and Steve Colanero 
 Christine and Martin Rivard 
Christine Miller (Janover Partner) and Darryl Strawberry
 Executive Director Matthew VanBeisen, Mark Badgley, Rosie VanBesien, and James Mischka 
 Justin Kush and Matthew VanBesien 
 Mark Badgley, Stephanie Sirota, and Matthew VanBesien 
 Mark Gilberton, Allison Hennessy, Eden Taylor, and Philip Gaucher 
 Mark Gilbertson and Sarah Jane Gibbons 
 Gary Parr speaks during dinner 
 Bettina Bennett and Gordon Beck 
 Barbara Regna and Sandra Kozlowski 
 Chappy and Melissa Morris 
 Edouard and Blair Metrailler 
 Philip Gaucher, Angus Birchall, and Jordan Nystrom 
 Sandra Kozlowski and Pablo Ogarrio 
 Sarah Jane and Trevor Gibbons 
 Valarie Lettan 
 Lizzy Brown and Victor Geraci 
 Gary Parr and Stefan Nowicki 
 Melissa Morris 
 Manda Zand Ervin, Cindy Dyer, and Aldijan Sisic 
 Ban Soon-taek, Sam Munshani, and Muna Rihani al Nasser 
 Nicola Hewitt, Uma Pemmaraju, Manda Zand Ervin, Ban Soon-taek, Aldijan Sisic, and Muna Rihani al Nasser 
 Paula Carlton Evans and Jean-Christophe Bas 
 Uma Pemmaraju, Manda Zand Ervin, Ban Soon-taek, Cindy Dyer, Aldijan Sisic, and Muna Rihani al Nasser 
 Gaynor Shaw and Valdona Neritani 
 Carole Bellidora Westfall, Emmie Twombly, and Nicole Rhodes 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Roric Tobin 
 Paul Austin, Barbara Winston, and Carl Adams 
 Ruth Hercolani, Muna Rihani al Nasser, Julie Weindling, Carol Acunto, and Linda Silverman 
 Sharon Bush, Deirdre Imus, Giancarlo Bruno, and Barbara Winston 
 Audrey Latourette and Lucia Kaiser 
 Sharon Ray, Katie Dervishi, Kendra Bridelle, and Melek Verbay 
The 18th Annual ACRIA Holiday Dinner in the Stephan Weiss Studio at the Urban Zen Center.
 Adelina Wong Ettelson, Alvin Valley, and Whitney Fairchild 
 Laurel Marcus, Rosemary Ponzo, and Marilyn Kirschner 
 Jennifer Wright 
 Chris York, Kristin York, Meghan Brophy, and Richard Persutti 
 Cristina Greeven Cuomo, Genevieve Bahrenburg, Alexandra Lebenthal, Alina Cho, and Alexandra Lind Rose
 Bettina Zilkha, Jay Diamond, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Brooke Rohrbach and Robert Bailey 
 Elizabeth Kurpis, Vanessa Grout, and Melanie Lazenby 
 Jean Shafiroff, Victor de Souza, and Anne-Marie Belli 
 Ally Hilfiger and Alina Cho 
 Dr. Eve Lehrman and Peter Lehrman 
 Robbie Schroeder, Katherine Grady, Molly Bohonnon, and Michael Young 
 Bill Reichman, Pamela Reichman, Courtney Stern, and Nicholas Stern 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Andrew Torrey and Peter Kahng 
 Roman Johnson and Tracey High 
 Jeremy Schwab, Diana Seabrooke, Jackie Seabrooke, and Michael Ivers 
 Valentin Hernandez and Yaz Hernandez 
 Sarah Rose, James Johnson, Patti Healy, and Samantha Pebley 
 Elizabeth Kurpis, Katie Fischer Cherry, Spencer Cherry, and Chloé Perrin 
 Chrissy Rutherford 
 Meredith Ostrom, Allison Hodge, and Lauren Beene 
 Allison Ecung, Kim Hicks, and Allison Yang 
 Nell Diamond, Savannah Engel, Tory Gossage, and Lauren Whatley 
Sheila Johnson and Donna Karan 
Samuel Peabody, Jessye Norman, and David Kleinberg
Jay Johnson and Tom Cashin
Kyle DeWoody and Casey Fremont Crowe 
Sam Shahid and AJ Michel 
Eric Wilson, Malcolm Carfrae, and Quin Aluni 
Ellen Langan, Rob Pruitt, and Brendan Dugan
Jack Pierson, Elizabeth Peyton, Jamie Kenyon, and Jonathan Horowitz
Martha Nelson, Quinn Tivey, and Dan Tietz 
Bruce Weber and Donna Karan 
Max Osterweis 
Elizabeth Peabody, Alan Rogers, and Laurie Taylor 
Clay Floren and Matthew Owens 
Kyle Hotchkiss Carone, Indre Rockefeller, and Justin Rockefeller 
John DeStefano, Francisco Costa, and Derek Hester 
Kelly Klein and Calvin Klein 
Ariel Foxman and Bernadette Peters 
Kevin Baker and Donald Baechler
Priscilla Rattazzi, Andrea Whittle, and Isabel Rattazzi 
Alexander Gilkes and Misha Nonoo 
Bruce Weber and Nan Bush
Elia and Mariana Zois 
Gabby de Felice 
Michael Angel and Mark Burnett 
Darren Star and Martha Nelson
Graziano di Boni and Valerie di Boni 
Roopal Patel 
Ross Bleckner, Dan Tietz, and Jamison Ernest 
Nacole Snoep and Meredith Melling Burke
Garrett Neff 
Victor de Souza, Dawne Marie Grannum, Randy Polumbo, and Meghan Boody 
 Park Avenue before the 2013 Tree Lighting ceremony 
 Reverend Michael L. Lindvall 
 Thomas Hoyt 
 Knickerbocker Grey cadets 
 Brick Church Children’s Choir 
 Barbara McLaughlin and friends on Park Avenue 
 A rooftop party across from Brick Church 
 The lit trees on Park Avenue 
 First Snowball of the night 
 Natasha and John Bergreen 
 Robert Wolf, Katarina Posch, Heidy Benzinger, and Jack Toolin 
 Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Alexandra Hoyle and Eric Hoyle 
 Ann Fisher and Lenora Pettit 
 Gwenda McDougal and John Campbell 
 Richard  and Caroline Moss 
 Ted and Kathleen Beit 
 Jim Kerr and Helen Miller 
 Marcia and Georgina Schaeffer 
 Patrick Nolan, Nicki Gondell, and Risa Weinstock 
 Patrick Nolan, Kevin de IAigle, and Risa Weinstock 
 Adam Pence, Yonaton Aronoff, and Patrick Nolan 
 Mark Abrahams, Arthur Hazelwood, Ben LiGon , Jane Hoffman, Susan Reilly-Moszczynki, and Risa Weinstock 
 David Zyla, Roxy, and Tina Davis 
 Blaine Caravaggi, Risa Weinstock, and Robert Caravaggi 
 Samantha Fox, Robert Aronowitz, Dough Marron, Catharine Higgin, and Jessica Bornn 
 Emily and Yonaton Aronoff 
 Gennaro Vitally, Roy Kessler, Theresa Beasley, and Laurie Kotton 
 Kevin de IAigle and Nancy Notaro 
 Martin Bialuscki, Jeff Wolk, Kinnaird Fox, Rob Anzalone, and Jeremy Hamilton 
 Julie Horton and Arthur Hazelwood 
 Chris Poe and Dr. Jay Kuhlman 
 Adam Pence and Madeline Thompson 
 Stephaney Bianciella and Ashley Scarlata 
 Nicki Gondell and the New Leash Productions table
 Christine Hahn and Robert Aronowitz 
 Roric Tobin, Amy Hoadley, and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Rebecca Grafstein, Suzie Aijala, Diane Chachas, Jenny Price,
            Gillian Miniter, and Noreen Buckfire 
 Stephanie Loeffler and Yaz Hernandez 
 Paige Hardy, Kristen Fealy, Wendy Carduner, and Kamie Lightburn 
 Sharon Handler, Mai Harrison, Jamee Gregory, and Joan Schnitzer Levy 
 Dawn Jones, Suzy Finesilver, and Lynn Crystal 
 Muffie Potter Aston, Somers Farkas, Susan Johnson, Amy Fine
            Collins, and Joanne de Guardiola 
 Sylvia Hemingway 
 Sharon Handler and Marjorie Reed Gordon 
 Patricia Pedersen, Heidi Holterbusch, Meg Braff, and Mayme Hackett 
 Lesley Francis, Cynnie Ogden, Anki Leeds, Carol McNierney,
            Robyn Joseph, Clelia Zacharias, and Lisa McCarthy 
 Laurie Dhue, Annie Scranton, and Sally Izzo 
 Dr Lee Klausner, Amanda Moran, Lindsay Higgins, Meredith
            Sullivan, and McDowell Winn 
 McDowell Winn's group at the dessert table 
 Tory Burch, Jennifer Aaker, Marina Rust, and Christina Smith 
 Ursula Lowerre, Elizabeth Stribling, Karen Clark, Jeanne
            Lawrence, CeCe Black, and Sondra Gilman 
 Robin Joseph and Heather Leeds' Table 
 Polly Onet, Catherine Carey, and Robin Joseph 
 Stephanie Foster, Katie Ryser, and Shana Hunter 
 Julie Crosswell, Nancy Steves, Carmen Knapp, Sarah Pitt,
            Arlene Levitt, and Sara Steves
 Stephanie Foster 
 Polly Scott, Liz Peek, Dale Burch, Bambi Putman, and Lucy Lamphere 
 Lee Robinson, Kari Tiedeman, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Holly Kinney's table 
 Courtney Moss' table 
 Christine Scott, Felicia Taylor, and Alex Trower 
 Ambassador Brodsky, Contessina Francesca Brodsky, Countess
            and Nuvia Brodsky 
 Cynthia and Tony Maltese, Joan Rivers, Taki Theodoracopulos, and friend
 Stephen and Christine Schwarzman 
 Jennifer Stockman, Bambi Putman, and Donna Rosen 
Darcy Rigas, Anna Safir, Eleanora Kennedy, Julie Macklowe, Lily Hoagland, Lisa Klein, Kamie Lightburn, and Melissa Morris

 Eleanora Kennedy and Anna Safir 
 Danielle Ganek and Alexa Hamm Ryan 
 Vivian Chamber and friend 
The dessert table ...
Suzy Biszantz, Coralie Paul, Chelsea Leyland, Lydia Fenet, Allison Aston, and Julie Macklowe at  a holiday cocktail event hosted by La Perla to benefit   New Yorkers For Children.
 Sonia Jones, Honoree, Dr. Eva Andersson-Dubin, Dr. Ramon Parsons, Honoree, Perri Peltz, Emcee, and Dr. David Reich, President & COO of The Mount Sinai Hospital
 Perri Peltz, Emcee, Dr. Eva Andersson-Dubin, Michael J. Fox, Tracy Pollan, and Dr. Elisa Port, Director, Dubin Breast Center
 Laura Dowling, Dr. Eva Andersson-Dubin, Laurie Adorno, and Federica Boido
 Lise Evans, Gabrielle Bacon, and Katherine Cohen
 Stacey Pashcow and Marc Caputo
 Stephan Solomon, Todd Builione, Karen Builione, Lynn Solomon, and Glenn Dubin
 Peter Henkel, Sonia Jones, Honoree, and Eleni Henkel
 Nina Wexler and Iris Dankner
 Michael and Lise Evans
 Lisa and Mark Bezos
 Lili O'Malley, Thomas O'Malley, and Susannah Prout 
 Dr. Eva Andersson-Dubin, Dr. David Reich, and Sonia Jones
 Gary Wexler, Nina Wexler, and Tomomi Arikawa
 Eaddo, Peter, and Mareill Kiernan
 Donna Karan and Tania Higgins
 David Saltzman, Carolyn Schenker, Michael J. Fox, and Tracy Pollan
 Curtis Schenker and Glenn Dubin
 Chris Mack and Dr. Eva Andersson-Dubin
 Bob Pittman, Sonia Jones,  and Michelle Bennett
 Allison Lutnick, Howard Lutnick, Iris Smith, and Michael Smith
 Chelsea Leyland
 Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos
 Jennifer Creel
  Lydia Fenet
 Pamela Ludwick and Adelina Wong
  Susan Magazine
 Ann Lind Bowers, Elizabeth Howard, and Amy Lau 
 Ashley Whittaker, Matthew Smyth, and Jennifer Post 
 Elizabeth Pyne, Ann Pyne, and Betty Sherrill 
 Bill Brockschmidt and Paulline Metcalf 
 Cheryl Tague, Katie Leede, Katie Ridder 
 Chester Burley and Veronica Whitlock 
 Eric Hilton 
 Elliot Johnson and Franklin Cogliano 
 Courtney Coleman and Sarah Blank 
 John Brewer, Steven Stolman, Tom Shea, and Robert Ventolo 
 Katherine Stephens and Priscilla Ulmann 
 Leslie Banker and Renee Meyers 
 Anne Fairfax and Richard Sammons 
 Judy Girod and Joanne DePalma 
 Katie Ridder, Jane Gaillard, and Catherine Cleare 
 Katherine Scullyl, Jacqueline Gonet, and Carolyn Sollis 
 Nancy Boszhardt and Chris Renzo 
 Pat Webb, Virginia Cheney, James Lebenthal, and Betty Lebenthal 
 Pauline Metcalf and Jonathan Preece 
 Ann Sonet, Carolyn Englefield, and Cheryl Tague 
 Paul Ranki, Susan Thorn, Bill Thorn, and Betsy McAlpin 
 Robert Rich 
 Robert Wright, Flora Irving, and Carolyn Beinfield 
 Robert Ventolo and Diana Jacoby 
 Steven Stolman and Scott Sanders 
 The 4th Annual UCP of NYC Santa Project Party
 Mike Woods, Katrina Hazell and mother, Tamsen Fadal, Scott Stanford, and Camilla Barungi
 James Adler, Jamie Feuerborn, Scott Allen, Kristina Buller, Brandon Nygard, and Ashley Glass
 Michelina Mandarano, Sheila Lennon, Seth Kramer, and Elizabeth Norman
 Cass Almendral, Camilla Barungi, and Alan Oyugi
 Scott Stanford, Ojinika Obiekwe, Sheila Lennon, Tamsen Fadal, and Javier Gomez
 Carlos Anaya, Jerry Flaxman, Camilla Barungi, and Javier Gomez
 Alan Oyugi, Samantha Vasquez, Terry Lyon,   Calcie Coope, and friends
 Christopher Dean, Jade Dean, Natalia Diaz-Jackson, Pierre Le Veaux, and Kimberly Dowdell
 Haya Joy Kramer and Seth Kramer
 Cynthia Jones
 Lakey Wolff and Dilia Jelen
 Mike Woods, Kimberly Asselta, Ryan Asselta, and Carlos Anaya
Lenox Hill Neighborhood House's Associates Committee Chairs at  its Fall  Benefit.
Honorees Michelle Smith and Leslie Heaney
Board Member and Event Chairs Margot and Randy Takian
Mark Gilbertson with Lisa and Chris Errico 
Erik and Jennifer Oken
Chairs Richard and Emily Leonard with John Sargent
Andrew Oshrin and Michelle Smith
Shirin and Kasper Christoffersen with a friend
Chair Cindy Ketchum, Mark Gilbertson, and Libby Fitzgerald
Michael McGraw and friend
Amy Connor and Missey Condie with a friend
Paige Hardy with  Doug and Meg Braff 
Ashley Tischer, Lindsey Harper, David Duncan, and  Lilse Rodgers
Jessica Lapin and Andrew Wuertele
 Emily Leonard, Leslie Heaney, and Meg Braff
Kathleen Kocatas  and Lara Trafelet
Amy Hoadley and Geoffrey Bradfield
Amanda Taylor, Jill Ross,  and Ashley Whittaker 
 Leslie Heaney with John and Heather Sargent
 Stephanie and James Loeffler
 Dennis Basso, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Cominotto, and Jonny Podell 
 Beverly Orthwein and Peter Orthwein 
 Alex Hitz, Amy Fine Colins, Mark Gilbertson, and Nina Griscom 
 Amanda Fial, Jamie Gleicher, and Cary Meer 
 David and Danielle Ganek 
 Jessica Crenshaw, Hugh Hildesley, and Beverly Orthwein 
 Hugh Carey and Kate Gibson 
 Jonny Podell, Britney Podell, and DJ Cassidy 
 HRH Princess Katherine of Serbia, honoree Governor David Paterson, Kerry Kennedy, Dr. Ruth Westheimer, Cheri Kaufman, HRH Prince Alexander of Serbia, and David Hryck 
 HRH Princess Katherine of Serbia, Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia, and Kerry Kennedy 
 CeCe Black, Cheri Kaufman, and Donna Soloway 
 Ambassabor of Cypress Mr. and Mrs. Jacovides with Kip Forbes (middle) 
 Honoree Governor David Paterson 
 Sool Wool, Nana Lee,Bob Dudley, David Paterson, Margo Catsimatides, HRH Princess Katherine of Serbia, and Kyle Wool 
 Jean Shafiroff, Tamie Lightburn, Sharon Bush, and Cheri Kaufman 
 Dr. Ruth Westheimer and Peter Pizzino 
 Madam Yoo (Ban) Soon-taek,  HRH Prince Alexander of Serbia, and HRH Princess Katherine of Serbia 
 David Paterson, Diana Kashan, Bill Schlight, and Cheri Kaufman 
 Royce Pinkwater, Bob Dudley, and Soo Wool 
 Bob Dudley, Branko Bojovic, and Kyle Wool 
 Jana Bullock and Lucia Hwong Gordon 
 Wendy Federman, Diana Kashan, and Karen Klopp 
 Judith Missoni and Gabi Garzoni 
 Maria Vlestis, Dinos Vlestis, Gregory Roumeliotis, and Betty Roumeliotis 
 HRH Princess Katherine of Serbia, HRH Prince Alexander of Serbia, Madam Yoo (Ban) Soon-taek, and Sirio Maccioni 
 Nana Lee, Sool Wool, and Jody Jones 
 Jennifer Gelia and Nick Raynes 
 Terry Mullins, Manon Lachan, and Michael Franklin 
 Maria Medicovic, Sofija Milosevic, and Bictoria Shubayva 
Courtney Arnot, Martha Vietor Glass, and Muffie Potter Aston
Hewitt Carolers singing
After the lighting ceremony, a private kick-off reception was held at The Marquand
Barbara Fuller, Matthew Talomie, and Helene Schlein
Brooke Laing, Cole Rumbough, and Lynn Pyfer 
Alina Dickey, Renee Dickey, and William Dickey 
 Thomas Bisceglie, Kala Jerzy, and Tess Rose
 Guests enter The Power of Poison
 Co-chair Gaelin Rosenwaks, Museum curator Mark Siddall, and Nicole Mihnovets 
 Steering Committee members Elizabeth and Andrew Yanev with Julia Bosson 
 Dana Greenlee, Tyler Flint, and Jason Morganroth 
 Bree and Brian Candee with Steering Committee members Erin and Matt Ahrens 
 Steering Committee members David and Leslie Verbitsky 
 Katia, Ariella, and  Alessia Menegon (Steering Committee member)
 Roisin Ryan, Co-chair Zoe Wilson, and Alison Thompson 
 Ruthie Reisner and Nick Wolf 
 Live theater presentation 
 Guests discover the exhibition’s “enchanted book” 
 David J. Arena with Master Sgt. Mary Kay Messenger
 John J. Ryan, former Executive Director, Police Athletic League, with Jami Landi, Director of Development, Police Athletic League 
 John J. Osborn,  President of Police Athletic League, with Raymond W. Kelly, NYC Police Commissioner & Honorary President of Police Athletic League 
 Robert J. McGuire, former NYC Police Commissioner & Vice Chairman of Police Athletic League, with Mitchell E. Rudin,  PAL Director 
 John Delollis, Jami Landi, and David A. MacDonald
 Frank Stella and Glenn Adamson 
 Sybil Yurman and David Yurman 
 Lewis Kruger 
 Visionaries! Awards 
 Linda McNeal and Dan Dailey 
 Xenobia Bailey and Lowery Sims 
 Violeta Venegas, Marica Vilcek, Lowery Sims, and Christina Strassfield 
 Nanette L. Laitman and Stuart Lasdon 
 Peggy Ayers and Barbara Tober 
 Helen Drutt-English and Richard Gaddes 
 Elliott Wolk and Barbara Tober 
 Fred Negem and Faanya Rose 
 Renaud Dutreil, Christine Dutreil, Angela Sun, and Ate Atema 
 Barbara Karp Shuster and Ron Labaco 
 Charles Cohen and Clo Cohen 
 Jan Vilcek, Barbara Tober, Marica Vilcek, and Glenn Adamson 
 Larry Miller, Kathy Chazen, Louise Chazen, and Sid Banon 
 Meera Gandhi, Barbara Tober, and Linda Plattus 
 Susan Dubin (co-chair), Ellen Chassin, Jamie Gordon, Helen Stambler Neuberger (co-chair), Jeannine Starr, and Lynn Halbfinger (co-chair)
 William Mooney (Honoree) and Joan Mooney
 Benefit co-chairs: Lynn Halbfinger, Helen Stambler Neuberger, and Susan Dubin
 Marvin and Donna Schwartz
 Daniel McPhee, Jamila Willis, Courtney Willis Blair, and Andrew Huff
 Robert and Christina Weisz
 Jacqueline Bates with Rachel Stern
 Jim Neuberger and Helen Stambler Neuberger with Krytzia and Eugenio Minvielle
 Artist Ursula von Rydingsvard and O. Anthony Maddalena
 John and Janet Rodgers
 David and Laurie Weiner
 Steven and Lisa Tananbaum, Rachel Stern, and Stephen and Ann Shapiro
 Barry Shapiro and Barbara Blank 
 Ellen Chassin, Judith Zabar, and Sandra Zabar
 Fred Wilson, Eileen Bloom, and O. Anthony Maddalena
 Gilbert Bassin , Jacqueline Walker, Keiran Fox,  Thomas Schwarz, and Doreen Bassin
 (seated)  Jacques d'Amboise, Denise Mullen, Fred Wilson, and Whitfield Lovell 
            (Standing) Jon Fassberg and Stanley Zabar
 Louis Klein,  Linda Singer, and Mary Beth Buck
 Paola Morsiani, Director of the Neuberger Museum of Art 
 Martin and Lynn Halbfinger, Jim and Helen Stambler Neuberger, and Susan and Jim Dubin
 Designer Manish Arora's collection on the runway at The Indo-American Arts Council's 15th anniversary.
Iris Dankner, Cindy Citrone, Heidi Taylor, and Barbara Schorr
Stephen Bastone, Ghislaine Maxwell, and Christopher Hyland
Stephen Fanuka, Deb Landis, and Katharina Plath
Pamela Eldridge and Kendell Cronstrom
Jennifer Mabley and Austin Handler
Jaime Jimenez and Mario Buatta
Ally Coulter and William Li
Nicole and Danielle Danker
Randy Kemper, Iris Dankner, Tony Ingrao, and Daniel Lombardi
Iris Dankner and Tori Mellott
Randy Kemper and Caterina Fabrizio
 Holiday House designers 
 Campion Platt 
 Kyle Marshall, Catherine Weinstock, and Constantino Castellano
 Caron Pfeffer and Jennifer Mason
 Lee Cavanaugh and Alyssa Urban 
 Deborah Martin
 Georgie Hambright and Jennifer Beek
 Guillaume Gentet
 Michael Halpern and Amy Weitzman
 Patrick Hamilton
 Patrik Lonn 
 Stephen Bastone 
 Sarah Sarna and Tina Ramchandani
 Randy Kemper and Tony Ingrao 
 Tim Campbell 
Event Co-chairs Sharon Coplan Hurowitz, Jacqueline Harris Hochberg, Lyss Stern, and Tara Mark Rosenblum
Caroline Baron and Andrew, Emmanuel, and Asher Weintraub
Asher Weintraub, inventor of the Menurkey, lighting the Hanukkah candles, with Sasha Hurowitz and Jackson Stern
Event Co-chair Jacqueline Harris Hochberg, Alexander Hochberg, and Harrison Hochberg
 Abram, Jonathan, Darcie, Hannah, and Eli Crystal
Rhoda Rosenblum, Event Co-chairs Kenneth Rosenblum and Tara Mark Rosenblum, and Jane and Maxine Rosenblum 
Gila Goodman, Ivette Dabah, Naomi Kassin, and Raymond Kassin
Benjamin, Susan, and Charlie Winter
Julie Salomon, Barry Alperin, Robert Salomon, Mimi Alperin, and Sophia and Ben Salomon
Glen, Lynn, and Avery Tobias Altschuler
 Author Salman Rusdhie being honored by Aroon Shivdasani and chef/author Madhur Jaffrey 
 Pianist Kenny Ascher performing with vocalist Paul Williams 
Homeland's Sarita Choudhury
 Sunjay Guleria with Indian designer Manish Arora and wife Mohini Guleria
 Adam Hirsch, Jessica Sylvester, Samantha Sylvester, and Will Kelly 
 Baked By Melissa 
 Ariela Robinson, Daniela Mendelsohn, and Rena Grosser 
 Brian Kinsella and Peter Bremberg 
 Dave Smith, Stephen Chase Cohen, and Josie Gonzalez 
 Stephen Chase Cohen 
 Col Wallnuts 
 Babette Marciano 
 Doreen Sylvester 
 Elaine Louis, Maria Bremberg, and Liza Strieff 
 Jason Birke, Yael Baker, Daniel Mendelsohn, and Cory Baker 
 Jenny Kim 
 Leia Jospe 
 Linda and Ilan Kauftal with Richard and Elaine Hirsch 
 Meghan Kelly 
 Rena Fischler and Col Wallnuts 
Wendy Carduner with Cowboys and Indians
 Brad Corbin, Betsy Maloney, and Jeff Roberts 
 Nat Fogg, Frasier Maloney, Robert Maloney, Fritz Middleton, and Ariella Menegon 
 Alana Parry, Michael Reinoso, and Rusell Grant 
 Katie Ryser and Fred Ryser 
 Alexandra Sklansy, Emily Maletta, and Florence Danforth-Meyer 
 Trip Revson and Logan Knisely 
 Rudmond Ingalls, Alexandra Moore, and Leah Kelly 
 Kathryn Connor, Frank Spano, and Avery Toland 
 Michael Reinoso, Alexandra Newlin, Kathryn Connor, and Frank Spano 
 Alejandra De La Puente and Judith Martin 
 Christopher Breck and Jamil Myrie 
 Abigail Leads, Megan Ingesolle, and Madeline Petrini 
 Rodrigo Pineda, Whitney Magabro, Drew Magabro, and Fred Ryser 
 Russell Grant, Gabriella Cambanis, and Molly Krueger 
 Alexandra Moore, Beatrice Lolli-Ghetti, and Louisa Ryan 
 Wendy Carduner, Judith Martin, and Georgina Shaffer 
 Elizabeth Koelle, Tutti Davis, Dana Bourque, Madeline Petrini, and Emma Jesberg 
 Abigail Leads, Maximiliam Duwat, and Madeline Petrini 
 Nat Fogg and Darcy Fogg 
 Dennis Buonagura and Elizabeth Frogel with Charlie
 Cili Cline and Catherine Adler
Samuel Kelley,  Eileen Foy,  Rebecca Cianci, Curtis Nixon,  and Ann Marie Folan
Anne Easton and Kat Auster.
SusanSondag and ElizbaethFrogel
Ava Frogel and friends drawing the raffle
 Matthew Ruffi, winner of the original illustrated drawing
 David Mills and Theodore V. Wells, Jr. 
 Sherrilyn Ifill, George Soros, and Tomika Soros 
 Judith Byrd, Sherrilyn Ifill, and Angela Vallot 
 Judith Scheide, Mariam Nazarian, and George Soros 
 Angela Vallot, Gabriella Morris, and Judith Byrd 
 Jonathan Sandville and Pia Winslow 
 Fred Terrell, Jonelle Procope, Carole Hall, and Ira Hall 
 Susan Fales-Hill with a friend
 Chiara Morrison, Leonard Coleman, and Gabriella Morris 
 Vivienne C. LaBorde and friend
 Lydia Mallett and Angela Vallot with a friend
 Maya Harris with a friend
 William M. Lewis, Jr., Carol Sutton-Lewis, and Raymond McGuire 
 Adriene Holder and friend
 Elaine Jones, Ted Shaw, and Sherrilyn Ifill 
 Valerie Kennedy and Halona Shaw with a friend
 David Mills and Elaine R. Jones 
 Valerie Kennedy, Sherrilyn Ifill, and Gretchen Bellamy 
 Renika Moore with friends
Bill Cosby
Jennifer Holliday
Larry Waters
General Via
Don W. Bohn and Alfred Morris
Jim and Susan Clifton
Paris McMillian
Bill Cosby and N. Joyce Payne
Lyn Paulsin
Congressman John Lewis and Richard Strauss
Clockwise from top left: Jerry and Kriste Duplessis; MC Lyte; Stephanie Duncan and Dwight Eubanks; Lil Mama and Johnny Taylor; Horst Susskind.
Tina Livanos and friend
Jermaine Crawford, David Susskind, and Andrew Hughes
Virginia Ali, Dianne Jean, and Gina de Franco
Ski Johnson and Miss America
Mary Reckmeyer and Reza Khadiri
N.Joyce Payne, Wayne Watson, and Susan Taylor 
Angela Stribling
Dinner at The Metropolitan Museum of Art for the 16th Annual Food Allergy Ball benefiting Food Allergy Research & Education.
Judy Kaye
Howard McGillin and Gregg Edelman
Howard McGillin, Victoria Mallory, Gregg Edelman, Judy Kaye, Harvey Evans, and Sarah Stiles
Stephen Sondheim
Dinner at the New York Academy of Medicine
Blake Auchincloss, Stephen Sondheim, and Andrew Auchincloss
Charles Rosenblum Elaine Tross, and Susan Madden
Daryl Brown Uber, Geoffrey Johnson, and Sylvia Hemingway
Friederike Biggs and Jeannie Pearman
Friederike Biggs, Gesa Vogt, and Regina Rich
George Rich and Jeanne Jones
Jack Rowe, Jim Buckman, Nancy Buckman, and Valerie Rowe
James de Givenchy, Tracey Pontarelli, Emily Garbaccio, and Gina de Givenchy
James Dinan, Sheldon Harnick, Stephen Sondheim, Laura Lofaro Freeman, and Bruno Quinson
Jeremy Biggs, Susan Henshaw Jones, and Jim Freeman
Ken Pontarelli, Stephen Sondheim, and Tracey Pontarelli
Kym McClain and David Guin
Laura Lofaro Freeman, Newt Merrill, Polly Merrill, and Jim Freeman
Laura Lofaro Freeman, Stephen Sondheim, Jeff Romley, and James Dinan
Scott Bok, Kate Niehaus, and Bob Niehaus
Sky Field, Richard Field, and Mary Davidson
Todd DeGarmo and Donald Albrecht
Ginger and Michael Montel
Bob Hardwick and Polly Merrill
Susan Graham and Adam Diegel
Nick Valenti, Linda Valenti, Todd Slotkin, Judy Slotkin, Sharyn Mann, Drew Nieporent, and Alain Sailhac
Nick Valenti, Sharyn Mann, Todd Slotkin, Rebecca Lainovic, Sacha Lainovic, Tracy McManus, and Sean McManus
Pat Cayne and Sharyn Mann
Steven Braverman, Abbey Braverman, Roxanne Palin, and Dean Palin
Nick and Linda Valenti
Sirio and Marco Maccioni
Tracy McManus, Jackson McManus, Maggie McManus, and Sean McManus
Sean McManus, Mary Jane Marchisotto, and John Lehr
Todd Slotkin, Nina Rennert Davidson, and Sharyn Mann
Salman Rushdie and Missy Brody 
Donald and Barbara Tober
Erica Reid and Stephanie Winston Wolkoff
Todd Slotkin, Judy Slotkin, Sharyn Mann, and Stephen Mann
Todd Slotkin, Judy Slotkin, and Thomas Slotkin
Sacha and Rebecca Lainovic 
Nick Valenti, John Lehr, and Sean McManus
Nicole and Marc Lenner
Jane Preiser, Leslie Cornfeld, and Joan Hornig
Sandy DeMille, Nelson DeMille, and Todd Slotkin
Cocktails in the Roosevelt Rotunda
Dinner in the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life
Host and co-chair Tina Fey
Auctioneers Seth Meyers and Lydia Fenet
Museum President Ellen V. Futter, Chairmen of the Museum's Board of Trustees Lewis Bernard, 	and Mayor Michael Bloomberg
Florence + the Machine
Bennett Miller
Lara Spencer
Charles and Karen Phillips
Taran Killam
Kyle MacLachlan
Judie and Archibald Cox
Peter Godwin and Joanna Coles
Martha Stewart
Mike O'Brien, Cecily Strong, and Aidy Bryant
Kylie Case and Gilles Mendel
Co-chair Lorne Michaels and Debbie Harry
Co-chairs Lorne and Alice Michaels
Adam Bernard, Karlie Kloss, Jay Pharaoh, and Derek Blasberg
Vanessa Bayer, Josh Hutcherson, and friend
Shauna Robertson, Ed Norton, co-chair Lorne Michaels, and Steve Higgins
Henri Barguirdjian and Graff models
Allison and Roberto Mignone
Sophie, Shawn, and Serena Levy
Alexi Ashe and Seth Meyers
Melissa and Carney Hawks
Ken and Susan Wallach with Charles and Anne Mott
Sylvia Mirochnikoff and Rebekah Mescer
Hon. Domenic M. Recchia and Hon. Kate D. Levin
Kathleen and David Glaymon
Co-chairs Jodie and John Eastman
Beck Bennett and Kyle Mooney
Cocktails at the Metropolitan Club for The New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children's  annual fall benefit.
Mary L. Pulido, Ph.D, Sophie B. Hawkins, and David Stack 
Chris Norton Band
Deborah Norville and Joan Rivers
Lisa and Mat Lori
Marc de Gontaut Biron, Tatiana and Thorne Perkin, and John Lovrich
Kelly Rutherford, Valesca Guerrand-Hermès, and Jennifer Creel
Peter Georgiopoulos, Kara Young, and Jennifer Creel
Dini von Mueffling and Matt Miller
Kathi Koll with Alex and Carrie Vik
Alexandra Papanicolaou and Zandra Pappas
 Denise Shaller, Vickie Shechtman, Frederick Anderson, and Kate Foyer 
 Laura Miller, Ellen Haddigan, Frederick Anderson, Martha Glass, and Hilary Dick 
 Jennifer Creel, Kelly Rutherford, Martha Glass, Valesca Guerrand Hermes, and Alvin Valley 
 Amy Raiter Dwek, Hillary Dick, and Victoria Vought 
 Eileen Holcombe, Minou Pirasteh, Earl Jones, Colette Taylor, Anita Askyenazy, and Martha Glass 
 Martha Glass, John Glass, and Mistrella Murphy 
 Minou Pirasteh, Courtney Arnot, and Anita Askienazy 
 Debra Skyler and Melissa Ostrove 
 Christina Addison and Katie Karydos 
 Debra Skyler, Valeria Bergna, Julianna Michelotti, Michel Piranesi, Janis Savit, and Christina Addison 
 Rosemary Audia, Ashely Hobbs, Justus Meyer, and Halsey Schroeder 
 Julia Noran and Kipton Cronkite 
 Noriko Hayashi, Asako Ueno, Megan Wilson, Vanessa Franzese, Nathan Needle, Heidi Baron Godoff, Matt Pinto, Richard Ostell, Sarah Lonsdale, Ryden Rizzo, Muriel Favaro, Sonia Scarr, Rebecca Atwood, and Carina Schott 
 Alicia Angelotti, Alex Redgrave, and Nathan Needle 
 Shelly Carr and Elizabeth Fuller 
 Nicholas Wayne, Ann Caruso, and Douglas Hannant 
 Derek Limbocker, Nicole Lindbocker, and Gilbert Harrison 
 Alice Judelson 
 Susan Cushing, Claudia Doring Baez, Catherine Carey, and Dr. Christine Frissora-Rodeo 
 Jason Adkins and Amy Hoadley 
 Ellen Zornberg and Susan Shin 
 Christina Addison and Sally Giordano 
 Michelle Chung, Leron Elkharrat, and Amrita Singh 
 Victoria Kempner and Debbie Pipines 
 Fiona Wicht, Martha Webster, Stuart Wicht, Susan Wicht, and Cleo Juster 
 Ellen Delaney, Grace Settembre, Rose Corea, and Sharon Ann Chaffiotte 
 Kitty Noustru and Alicia Angelotti 
 Mary Grace Hinkle, Christina Rose, Alex Hancock, and Lynn Hancock 
 Aaron Miller, Allison Wade, Kipton Cronkite, and Gwyneth Scally 
 Elizabeth Callender and Jamie Tisch 
 Gayle Sobel, Allison Wade, and Dr. Howard Sobel 
 Barbara Matarazzo, Alec Hamer, and Marianne Hawley 
Amelia Quist-Ogunlesi, Barry and Fran Weissler, Jesse Davis, Diana Williams and Mark G. Ackermann, President and CEO of Lighthouse International (photo: Rob Rich)
 Fran  and Barry Weissler 
 Jamie Colby and Somers Farkas 
 Diana Williams, Amelia Quist-Ogunlesi, and Mark Ackermann 
 Amelia Quist-Ogunlesi and Bayo Ogunlesi
 Joe Ripp, James Dubin, Barry Weissler, and Mark Ackermann 
 Arlene Dahl and Susan Mados 
 Rinaldo Nistico and Ricellys Duggal 
 Mark Ackermann, Diana Williams, Susan Dubin, and James Dubin 
 Marc Rosen, Diana Williams, Ann Lydecker-Bunge, and Hamilton Bunge 
 Charles Cohen and Clo Cohen 
 Will Brilliant and Patricia Brilliant 
 Jean Shafiroff, Ike Ude, and Patricia Shiah 
 Anna Hehenberger and Karin Hehenberger 
 Alexi Ashe, founder and CEO of WWO Dr. Jane Aronson, and host Seth Meyer 
 WWO Board of Directors 
 Elie Tahari  and Joanne Blessinger 
 Jane Aronson, Veronica Webb, and Chris Del Gatto 
 Jenna Lyons

 Ann Curry, Dr. Jane Aronson, and Cindi Leive 
 Dr. Jane Aronson  and Diane von Furstenberg
 Host Seth Meyers and Benjamin Doller 
 Barry Diller and Diane von Furstenberg
Jane Aronson and Seth Meyers
 Patrick Nelson, Sarah Hughes, and David Nelson 
 Host Seth Meyers taking a group selfie 
 Actor Ger Duany  and model Nyamuoch Girwath  
 Alexi Ashe and  Seth Meyers
 The Dignity of Family Life Award recipient Al Roker and Dinner Emcee Meredith Vieira 
 Guests at the Silent Auction 
 Al Roker receiving The Dignity of Family Life Award from Abbott House President and CEO James Kaufman 
 Al Roker delivering his acceptance speech 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors of Abbott House, Gregory T. Mooney; Al Roker; Meredith Vieira; and President & CEO of Abbott House, James L. Kaufman 
 Abbott House Senior Vice President and CFO Gerry Finn, his wife Nancy Hanson, and his brother, actor John Finn 
 Don McCaffrey, Barbara Kammerer, Carol Lassonde, and Jennifer Lassonde 
 New York Rangers great Adam Graves and Abbott House President and CEO James Kaufman 
 Friend of Abbott House Award honorees Diane N. Wade, David H. Wade, Dr. Robert C. Rawdin, Jody Rawdin, Barbara Kammerer, and Susan M. Corcoran 
 Abbott House Board Vice Chairman Scott Richter, Meredith Vieira, Michael Glantz, and Ann Richter 
 Friend of Abbott House awardee Susan Corcoran and Abbott House Assistant Executive Director for Human Resources Myra Gray 
 Hanah Wade, Kayla Bergman, Liz Faughnan, Amanda Wade, and Jordan Weiner 
 Lawrence LaRose, Susan Lamontagne, David Lamontagne, Monica Lamontagne, Raymond A. Lamontagne, Nicole Lamontagne, and Cynthia Lamontagne at New York City Center’s Gala.
 Arlene Shuler, President & CEO of New York City Center and Raymond A. Lamontagne, Chairman Emeritus of New York City Center and the Gala's Honoree 
 Arlene Shuler, President & CEO of New York City Center, Jeanette Loeb, Board Member of New York City Center, and Donna Rosen 
 Bernadette Peters and Stephen Sondheim 
 Betsy Bacon, Patricia Lovejoy, Board Member of New York City Center, Sherry Koplin, Cary Koplin, and Michael Bacon 
 Bill and Angela Haines 
 Cathy Bern and Stacy Bash Polley, Board Member of New York City Center 
 Chase Brock and Rob Berman 
 Cyrille Aimée, Jeremy Jordan, and Parker Esse 
 Gail Maidman 
 James and Kedakai Lipton 
 Jeff Romley, Stephen Sondheim, Mary Jo Shen, and Ted Shen 
 Jonathan LaPook, Barbara Zalaznick, and Kate Lear 
 Joseph Thalken and Oskar Eustis 
 Lisa and David Schiff 
 Michael Casey and Bernadette Peters 
 Norm Lewis and Brian Williams 
 Norm Lewis, Elizabeth Parkinson, Cyrille Aimée, and Parker Esse 
 Paula and Ira Resnick, Board Member of New York City Center 
 Reggie Powe and Bobbie Frankfort, Board Member of New York City Center 
 Stephanie and Fred Shuman, Board Member of New York City Center, and Linda Viertel 
 Victor and Susan Shedlin 
 William Ivey Long, Adrienne Arsht, and Ted Chapin, Board Member of New York City Center 
 Wynton Marsalis, Melanie Shorin, John Arnhold, and Bob Appel 
 Steve Abramson, MD, Andrew Rosenberg, MD, Steve Flanagan, MD, Isabella Rossellini, Frank Schwab, MD, Joe Zuckerman, MD 
 Anthony Viscogliosi and Uma Sinha 
 Charles and Sarah Hallac 
 Joseph Zuckerman, MD, and William Perlmuth 
 Janette and Armen Avanessians 
 Lisa Pevaroff and Gary Cohn 
 Jim Riley Jr. and Ellen Riley 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD, and guest speaker Isabella Rossellini 
 Darren Walker, Diana Taylor, Carolina Herrera, Anne Delaney, and Ana Oliveira 
 BreíAnn Newsome and Ana Oliveira 
 Anu Bhagwati and Ruth Porat 
The New York Women’s Foundation® has worked hard to make New York a better place and ensure it remains a city of possibility for us all. This evening’s gala is a wonderful chance to not only raise support for this outstanding organization, but also to recognize several of its supporters for their unwavering dedication to the foundation’s mission: Carolina Herrera; Ruth Porat and Morgan Stanley; and Darren Walker and the Ford Foundation. Together, we celebrate everything that women contribute to the five boroughs each day and look forward to a stronger, more equitable future for all New Yorkers.

Now therefore, I, Michael R. Bloomberg, Mayor of the City of New York, do hereby proclaim Thursday, November 14, 2013, in the City of New York as: “New York Women’s Foundation Day.”

Ana Oliveira, Ruth Porat, Susan Cullman, and LaShawn Jefferson 
 Ruth Porat 
Walter Isaacson, Cathy Isaacson, Regan Solmo, and Geoff Brewer
 Walter Isaacson, Cathy Isaacson, Regan Solmo, and Geoff Brewer 
 Susan Cullman and Kathryn Weill 
 Reinaldo Herrera and Carolina Herrera 
 Ana Oliveira, Andrea Shapiro Davis, Gail Nayowith, Larian Angelo, and Lilliam Barrios Paoli 
 Jeff Peek, Melissa Lee, and Liz Peek 
 A. M. Homes 
 Ann Rapp 
 Lucia Hwong Gordon, Joyce Cowin, Philip Buckner, and Jean Shafiroff 
 Dan Werner and Sandor Johnson 
 Jackie Bezos and Sherry Westin 
 Austrid Stanfield, Elizabeth Stribling, Ann Van Ness, and Susan Baker 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Alessandra Emanuel, Michel Piranesi, and Barbara Regna 
 Hunt Slonem and Liliana Cavendish 
 Michelle-Michelle-Marie Heinemann, Jennifer Piranesi, Michel Piranesi, and Liliana Cavendish 
 Joy Marks, Alex Donner, and Valerie Lettan 
 Denis de Kergorlay, Christina Sayare, and Mitch Sayare 
 Bill Van Ness and Ann Van Ness 
 Host of the evening Brian Williams 
 Carolyn Malinsky, Strolling Supper event co-chairm, Randie Malinsky, and Aaron Malinsky 
 Ronald Sernau, UALC Board Member; Ray Chalmé, UALC Board Member, Mary Ann Tighe, UALC President, and Roxanne Donovan, Strolling Supper event co-chair, UALC Board Member 
 Dr. David Hidalgo, UALC Board Member, Pavi Lawson, Kimberly Tighe, and Aaron Tighe, UALC Board Member 
 Bill Ritter of WABC-TV, emcee for the evening 
 Hy Chalmé, Robin Chalmé, Vanessa and Ray Chalmé, and James and Amy Haber 
 Mickey Conlon & Tom Postilio of CORE and stars of HGTV's Selling New York 
 Alycia Randise, Roxanne Donovan (UALC Board Member), Alyson Grala, and Lindsay Church (all Great Ink Communications) 
 Grammy award winning blues artist Delbert McClinton and singer Caroline Jones 
 Audubon Young Members 2013 Fall Benefit Host Comittee 
 Adrienne Rudkin 
 Ann Morrison Calvert, Austin Simon, and Robin Andachter 
 Ann Morrison Calvert and Tommy Gilbert 
 Arielle Patrick and Madeleine Haddon 
 Ashia Shiekh and Jennifer Zaso 
 Austin Simon, Kelly Cravens, and Madeline Nickels 
 Brandon Buckmyer and Teddy Winthrop 
 Jenna Manula and Kate Schmidt 
 Joe Vollen and guest 
 Juliet Falchi, Jennifer Ritter, and Eva Yean 
 Katie Jo Righi and James Tierney Tang 
 Monica Brouwer and Eva Yean 
 Morgan Acott, Ashia Shiekh, and Ann Morrison Calvert 
 Peter Stamm, Brandon Buchmayr, and Teddy Winthrop 
 Steph Cozzi (R) and guests 
 Teddy Winthrop and guests 
 Baroness Didi d'Anglejan and  Miles Morgan 
 Group 
 Daniel Boulud, George Sape, and Ambassador Stapleton 
 Nancy Gehman, Irene Goodkind, Elaine U. Leary and  Susan Kelly 
 Carla Darlington, Didi d'Anglejan, Jean Astrop, Eugenie d'Angland and  Irene Goodkind 
 Mario Rinaldi, Sonja Morgan and  Franck Laverdin 
 Andrew Kotchoubey and  Jean Astrop 
 Lucinda Herrick, Franck Laverdin and  Simone Galton 
 Anne Dopffer, Mathilde Schneider and  Alan Govenar 
 Jay Paul, Henrico and  Nancy Balboa 
 Eric Jirgens and  2 nephews 
 Carla and  Henry Darlington 
 George Sape, Elizabeth Munson, Andrew Kotchoubey and  Ambassador Stapleton 
 Lucinda Herrick, Dorian Dumonteil and  Franck Laverdin 
 French Consul General Bertrand Lortholary and  Eugand nie d'Angland s 
 Nancy and  Jerry Gehman and Irene Goodkind 
 Susan Kelly and  Baroness didi d'Anglejan 
 Cocktails at the Metropolitan Club
 President Anne Hall Elser, Townsend Honorees Deborah and Charles Royce 
 President Anne Hall Elser and JP Morgan Award Recipient Jay Sherwood 
 Stephen J. Storen, Judy Bliss, and William Muir Manger, Jr 
 Jessica McShane and Alexandra Porter 
 Nancy Sakas, Sky Underwood Cardile, and Denise Ortell 
 Thomas Farrell, Jeannine Heath, David Heath, and Nancy Farrell 
 Oksana Tikhonova and Richard B Perkins 
 Annual Dinner Dance Co-Chairs Harry Chung and Mary Latimer-Chung 
 Floyd Mckinnon, Barbara Mckinnon, Nancy Barton, James Barton, and Dorie Klissas 
 Merrie Martinson, Jay Sherwood, Susan C Winslow, and Robert Chan 
 Jane Pflug, Alex Donner, and Jan Whitman Ogden 
 Nancy Neis and Robert Rubin 
 Susan Sterling, Michael Beddard, Charles Royce, and Deborah Royce 
 John Dewey, Lucy Kirk, Sam Milliken, and Bob Ashton 
 Andrea Rose Rousseaux and Charles E Dorkey III 
 Michel Witmer, Jean Doyen de Montaillou, Dino Rivera, and Michael Kovner 
 Tom and Heidi McWilliams 
 NES Scholars Niamh Sheehan and Alexandra Garcia 
 Bill and Connie Greenspan 
 Alexandra Hoyle and Eric Hoyle 
 Annual Dinner Dance Co-Chairs Hilda Neis and Arnold Neis 
 Doran Mullen and Erinmaura Condon 
 Colleen Hills and Tom Hills 
 Benefit Co-Chair Alan Griffith, Honorees Ron Darling and Mariano Rivera, Chapter President and CEO Dorine Gordon, Honoree Phil Simms 
 Benefit Co-Chairs David Lubars and Alan Griffith, Ron Darling and Mariano Rivera, Pres and  CEO Dorine Gordon, Phil Simms, Hon. Board Tommy John, and Board Chair Richard Rose 
 Board Members with Honorees Mariano Rivera and Phil Simms with Howard Cross 
 Former NFL player and the night's auctioneer Howard Cross 
 Honorees Ron Darling, Mariano Rivera and Phil Simms 
 Honorees Mariano Rivera and Phil Simms with Chapter Honorary Board Member Tommy John 
 Board of Directors Member Allen Popowitz with Honoree Ron Darling 
 U.S. Congressman Eliot Engel with Honoree Ron Darling and Board of Directors Member Lee Brodsky 
 Former NFL player Kevin Turner receives the Lou Gehrig Sports Award, given by the ALS Association Greater New York Chapter, from the ceremony's emcee Jeremy Schaap 
Chairs Jeremy L. Goldstein, Katie Tozer, Sarah Simmons, Madeleine Desmarais, Katie Zorn, Jennifer Oken, Lil Phillips, and Fountain House President Kenn Dudek at Fountain House's Sixth Annual Fall Fête.

 Katie Zorn and Cheryl Lynch 
 Delaney Ruston and Sarah Simmons 
 Dan Allen and Florence Peyrelongue 
 Charlotte Ronson and Katie Zorn 
 Tyrone Whittle and Vihara Whittle 
 MaryBeth Winningham, Jenna Sakolsky, Owen Clancey, and Emily Hand 
 Jeremy Goldstein, Lindsay Ratterman, and Dominy Epstein 
 David Adam, Dianne Simmons, and Mark Simmons 
 Angela  and Michael Clofine 
 Sarah Simmons and Sunny Biasi 
 Natalie Barak, Nicola White, and Brooke Mountain 
 Alexander Tye, Giusi Cennano, and Ben Draper 
 Domonique Marder, Will Marder, and Gretchen Bylow 
 Bill Manger, Gayle London, Mark London, and Victor Geraci 
 Julia Gray, Berny Gray, and Anne Gray 
 Paul Wilson, Tara Wilson, Erik Oken, and Jennifer Oken 
 Kate Allen, Erin Gaudreau, Alexandra Fisher, and Kaitlin Tashjian 
 Parks Lineberger and Kelly Brennan 
Malala Yousafzai and Cindi Leive 
James Brolin and Barbra Streisand ...
 Andy Cohen and Lady Gaga
Gaga  from the back
Lena Dunham 
Bethann Hardison and Iman 
Claudia Kelly, Claire Kelly, Mark Kelly, Seth Meyers, and Alexi Meyers 
Tracy and Karlie Kloss
Justine and Jeff Koons 
Donna Karan and Iman
Joe and Cynthia Germanotta
Cindi Leive and Seth Meyers 
America Ferrara and Princess Ameera Al-Taweel 
Catherine Martin and Baz Luhrman
Sandy Steir and Kris Perry 
Guests at table
James Turrell and Carmen Gimenez 
David Rockwell and Margaret Russell 
Bob Giraldi and Pete Hamill 
Martha Stewart and David Easton
 Isabella Shin, Karen Stone, and Alexander Pinks 
 James Turrell with Pratt Design students 
 Bob Giraldi, Pete Hamill, David Easton, Tom Schutte, and Mark Stumer 
 Margaret Russell and Martha Stewart 
 David Easton, Carol Schrager, and Bruce Gitlin 
 Laura Vohn and Tom Schutte 
 Kurt Andersen, Anne Kreamer, Bruce Gitlin, and Tom Schutte 
 Barry Rice, Ted Lewin, Betsy Lewin, and Ted Allen 
 Ted Allen, John Edelman, Richard Mishaan, Giulio Capua, Margaret Russell, and David Rockwell 
 Donna Rich, Martin Rich, and Emily Moqtaderi 
 Bob Giraldi, Patty Greaney, Susan Stumer, and Mark Stumer 
 Ruth Eiger, Ted Kurahara, and Joan Vennum 
 Jeff Osborne, Rainey Day, and John Erwin 
 Andre Tchelistchell, Carol Schrager, and Donald Kramer 
 Mark Tallman, Cassandra Freeman, and Roger Perry 
 Dennis Checca, Tom Kliggerman, Emel Kiral, and Peter Manning 
 Alex Shuman, Anne Van Ingen, Nina Liebman, Ted Liebman, and Michael Shuman 
 Vincente Wolfe and Kurt Andersen 
 Memrie Lewis and Claire Potter 
 Lewis Nelson and Judy Collins 
 Barbaralee Diamondstein-Spielvogel and Carl Spielvogel 
 Mon Ling, Elizabeth Kramer, Bill Moses, Patricia Kluge, and Memrie Lewis 
 Charles Wynter and Rebecca Travis 
 Lee Cavanaugh, Jackie Terrebonne, and Jolene Travis 
 Andre Tchelistchell, Jim Xhema, Kathy Sloane, Dennis Checca, and Pierre Georgetti 
 Diana Wege-Sherogan, Tim Sherogan, Patty Greaney, Bob Giraldi, Wendy Maitlind, Pete Hamill, Brian Hamill, Betsy Jacaruso, and David Foster 
 Mark Tallman, Margot Bingham, Christiane Seidel, and Eddie Shieh 
 Ted Lewin and Carmen Marc Valvo 
Elizabethan-style dinner to honor Dr. Leonard Polonsky and his wife Dr. Georgette Bennett
Dr. Georgette Bennett and her husband Dr. Leonard Polonsky
Director Julie Taymor and cast member David Harewood
Cast members Zach Appelman and Brendan Averett with Dr. Leonard Polonsky, his wife Dr. Georgette Bennett, John Douglas Thompson, and Simon Schama
Dr. Leonard Polonsky, his wife Dr. Georgette Bennett and cast member Roger Clarks
Audrey Meyer, Pamela Newkirk, Amelia Ogunlesi, and Danny Meyer
Trevor Nunn, Dr. Georgette Bennett, cast member David Harewood and Dr. Leonard Polonsky
Julie Taymor, Alec Baldwin, Trevor Nunn, and Cheryl Hersch
Julie Taymor and Trevor Nunn
Dr. Virginia Papaioannou, Simon Schama, Steven Narker, and Ed Bank
Cast members Joe Grifasi and Jake Horowitz ,  Jack Futoran,, Dr. Leonard Polonsky, Jeffrey Horowitz, and Dr. Georgette Bennett
Eile Wiesel, Michael Alexiades, Sophia Alexiades, and Gregory Alexiades
 Elena and George Stephanopoulos
Iris Gordon Rossi and Robert Burton
Stephen Robson and Lord Colin Campbell
 Jill Lynne, Anthony Haden-Guest, and Rodney Hilton Brown
Barbara Dixon and Alyce Faye Cleese
 Peter Paine, Jimmy Brown, Richard Dreyfuss, Audrey Gruss, Dr. Dwight Evans, Dr. Eric Nestler, and Susan Jablonski at  the Hope for Depression Research Foundation's annual "HOPE" Luncheon Seminar.
 Jamee and Peter Gregory 
 Fernanda Niven, Coralie Charriol Paul, Jacqueline Weld Drake, Chuck Scarborough, Audrey Gruss, Lis Waterman, Anne Eisenhower, and Richard Ziegelasch 
 Dr. Dwight Evans and Dr. Eric Nestler 
 Richard Dreyfuss, Audrey Gruss, and Martin Gruss 
 Coralie Charriol Paul, Shoshanna Gruss, and Alexandra Lind Rose 
 Ralph Ciccarelli, Brian Garguilo, Rob Derrig, Ricardo Demetrios, Chuck Scarborough, Anthony Holz, Noel Reyes, and Jose Cordero 
 Denise LeFrak and Sylvia Baruh 
 Barbara Georgescu and Elizabeth Cohen 
 Jen Haile, Patricia Harceneck, and Laura Koch 
 Lorna Graeve, Jacqueline Weld Drake, and Mercedes Bograd 
 Carol Mack and Fernanda Niven 
 Mai Hallingby-Harrison 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Gigi Benson 
 Jean Shafiroff, Edgar Batista, and Margo Langenberg 
 Agneta Angel and Shoshanna Gruss 
 Bruce Bierman, Michael Cominotto, and Julian Seacord 
 Kristi Witker and Cornelia Bregman 
 Allison Speer, Ken Moore, and Alva Chinn 
 Bob Dowling, Steven Stolman, and Rich Wilkie 
 James Kaplove and Jessica Eve Morgan 
 Celerie Kemble and Melissa Berkelhammer 
 Janis Savitt and Robert Barnowske 
 Jody Schwarz, Michele Gerber Klein, and Joele Frank 
 Rachel Inman 
 Joan Kron and Sharon Hoge 
 Joseph Fichera, Lewen Stempler, and Randall Stempler 
 Suzanne Chute and Elizabeth Musmanno 
 Rod Keenan and Philip Hewat-Jaboor 
 Liz Peek, Jean Shafiroff, and Virginia Postrel 
 Alyson Cafiero 
 David Lauren and Lauren Bush Lauren at World of Children Award's 16th Annual Awards Ceremony
 Children's Aid Society Chorus 
 Honorees Susie Krabacher and C. Mead Welles, Co-Founder Kay Leibowitz, Alina Cho, Co-Founder Harry Leibowitz, Honoree Lauren Bush Lauren 
 Presenter Cindi Leive 
 Honoree Chaeli Mycroft with mom Zelda 
 Honoree Maxine Martens 
 James Banks Design's Heidi Nahser Fink and Adam Shulman 
 Stephanie March, Co-Founders Kay and Harry Leibowitz, Alina Cho 
 Kelly Bensimon and John Demsey 
ESCADA Resort 2014 collection
  Jennifer Creel, Megha Mittal,  and Joseph Boitano
Susan Magazine, Megha Mittal, and Kimberly Jetnil
Keren Eldad, Sonia Nassery Cole, and Seren Shvo
 Laurel Nuzzo and Keren Eldad
Claude Wasserstein, Jennifer Creel, Harold Koplewicz, Kelly Rutherford, Christine Mack, Dori Cooperman, Ginevra Caltagirone, and Vanessa Cornell
Christine Mack
Harold Koplewicz, Brooke Garber Neidich, and Vanessa Cornell
 The 2013 Designers of "Home Is Where The Heart Is" Designer Showhouse to benefit the American Heart Association 
 Tony Manning and Alexa Hampton 
 Kathy Munsch, Gabor Karsai, Eva Karsai, and Tony Manning 
 Mayor Ralph Suozzi, Dr. Abiri, and Gabor Karsai 
 Elizabeth Hendrickson, Kim Hendrickson-Radovich, and Glen Radovich 
 Margreet Cevasco, Kate Singer, and Ellen Baron-Goldstein 
 Lois Cooper, Marc L. Hamroff, Esq., Frank Nardolillo, Harry Armon, Kathy Munsch, and Michele Gervat 
 Rosemary and Adam DiAntonio 
 Michael Cohen, June Cohen, MA, LMHC, Joanne Hamroff, and Marc L. Hamroff, Esq. 
 Vasi Ypsilantis, Gail Tarasoff, and Anne Tarasoff 
 Michele and Larry Herbert 
 Michael Mailer, Marla Helene, and Alan Helene 
 Taki Theodoracopulous and Jasmine Lobe 
 Mario and Ramona Singer 
 Patrick McMullan and Pamela Morgan 
 Missy Lubliner, Greg Wasser, Debra Waser, Linda Chodorow, and Jeffrey Chodorow 
 Nizza Heyman and Michele Herbert 
 Edward DeGuardiola, Larry Herbert, Melissa DeGuardiola, Chele Chiavacci, and Richard Farley 
 Marla Helene, Jamie Wachman, Brendan Kwinter, and Rosilind Alan 
Boris Birmaher, M.D. and Herbert Pardes, M.D., President of Foundation Scientific Council
 Brain & Behavior Research Foundation National Awards Dinner at The Pierre
Jeffrey Borenstein, M.D. and Paul Summergrad, M.D.
Rodolpho Cardenuto, President, SAP Americas, with J. Randolph Lewis, Senior Vice President of Logistics and Distribution at Walgreen Co.
Bruce Cohen and guests
Karl Deisseroth, M.D., Ph.D., Jack D. Barchas, M.D., and Robert M. A. Hirschfeld, M.D.
Rodolpho Cardenuto, President, SAP Americas and SAP employees
Kafui Dzirasa, M.D., Ph.D., and guests
Andrew A. Nierenberg, M.D. and guests
David Monn designed the decor for the   2013 Library Lions Gala at The New York Public Library, Stephen A. Schwarzman Building.
Tony Marx, Stephen Sondheim, Michael Bloomberg, Marilynne Robinson, Katherine Boo, and Junot Diaz 
Frederick Eberstadt and Barbara Goldsmith 
Scott Malkin, Tony Marx, and Neil Rudenstine 
Charles Rockefeller and Anna Linderum 
Zach Ames and Adam Turnbull 
Carrie Brazell, William Gaybrick, Emily Senko, and Drew Gaybrick 
Karen von Schmitt, Anne Webb, Tim O'Connor, and Louise Shea 
Eric Fritz, Claire Hamilton, and Veronica Scott 
Dina Amato, David Lazurus, Susan Lazurus, and Tracey Tucker 
Kyle Hotchkiss Carone and Julia Loomis 
Jose Llana and Erik Rose 
Ray McGuire and Andre Leon Talley 
Helen Philon, Ambassador Aleko Philon ,and Irene Moscahlaidis 
Patricia d'Arenberg, Robert Pullen, Christine Schwarzman, Antonio Sigurta, Myriam Lafon, and Luke Frazier 
Paul Holdengraber and Bill Gray 
Diana Taylor, Sarah Sims, Gayfryd Steinberg, and Sarah Valdovinos 
Oscar and Annette de la Renta
Cariad Lippman and Emily Joslin
Joel Stein and Chancellor Dennis Walcott 
Arthur and Sharon Kalita 
Bee Shaffer, Nick Brown, Chloe Malle, Ricky Van Veen, and Allison Williams 
Nancy and Henry Kissinger 
David Issardin, Sonia Abad, Vanessa Samaroo, Mario Alexis, and Sean Cole 
Mary Lee Kennedy, and Andrew Ross Sorkin
Claire Distenfeld and Sophie Milrom 
Julia Kiernan, Dinah Cook, Stephanie Brag, Nedenia Hutton Craig, and Samantha Solomonson 
Anastasiya Siro and Andrea Olshan 
Carey Maloney, Joan Hardy Clark, Mary Lee Kennedy, and Hermes Mallea 
Pam Wassertein and Ruth Altchek 
Jessye Norman, Anna Deavere Smith, and Zadie Smith
Cora Sheibani at  Creel and Gow.
More from the Cora Sheibani collection.
 Larry Creel, Diana Colgate, and Jamie Creel 
 Christopher Gow and Tiffany Dubin 
 Sharon Weimer and Lisa Halmi 
 Sharon Bush 
 Cora Sheibani, Christopher Gow, Bettina Zilkha, and Bob Colacello 
 Denise Holzer and Jonathan Segal 
 Michael Stone, Todd Black, and Puck 
 Patricia Avellan and Claire Potter 
 Polly Onet, Amy Hoadley, Jack Lynch, and Martha Glass 
 Charles Manger and Dr. Doug Steinbrech 
 Valerie Evans Freke, Fee Halsted, and Valerie Lettan 
 Saul Levin and Fee Halsted 
 Pierre Durand, Nikki Haskell, and Alvise Orsini 
 Keith Langham and Lisa Fine 
 Michael Gorzynski, Winnie Ma, Cora Sheibani, and Farhad Farman-Farmaian 
 Whitney Fairchild and Alvin Valley 
 Rachel Hovnanian and Larry Creel 
 George Constant and Ed Friedel 
 Melanie Holland and Georgina Schafer 
 Linda Hafner and Debra Force 
 Larisa Saveliev, Misty Copeland, Marcelo Gomes, Stephanie Foster, Kamie Lightburn, and Heather Georges 
 Catherine Carey, Kamie Lightburn, and Karen Lefrak 
 Ali Landegger, Heather Georges, and Kate Peck 
 Chris Hojlo, Julie Hojlo, and Andrew Georges 
 Amy Hoadley and Mark Gilbertson 
 Claibourne Poindexder, Alyson Cafiero, and Kate Allen 
 Heather and Andrew Georges 
 Misty Copeland, Marcelo Gomes, and Kamie Lightburn 
 Judith M. Hoffman, Yolanda Santos, and Anabelle Mariaca 
 John Sills, Elizabeth Papadotoulos, and Victor De Souza 
 Kamie Lightburn and Judith M. Hoffman 
 Linda Morse, Kamie Lightburn, and Karen Klopp 
 Matthew Bledsoe and Barbara Brandt 
 Katie Ryser, Stephanie Foster, Evelyn Tompkins, and Victoria Kempner 
 Kelly  and Edward Mallon 
 Misty Copeland, Heather Georges, and Marcelo Gomes 
 Sharon Hurowitz and Heather Georges 
 Stephanie Loeffler and Kamie Lightburn 
 Paige Bollermalik, Paige Betz, and Katie Ryser 
 Raymond Lukens and Franco Devita 
The scene at  the New York Public Library for the Altman Foundation's Centennial Celebration.
 Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Founder & Chairman Emeritus of the Benefit Fund Rusty Staub, and Former Deputy Mayor of NYC and Board Member of Benefit Fund Edward Skyler 
 Honorary Chairs at 28th Annual Gala of NY Police & Fire Widows' & Children's Benefit Fund Today Show Anchor Al Roker and ABC News Correspondent Deborah Roberts 
 Superintendent of Port Authority Police Department Michael Fedorko, NYC Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano, NYC Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly, ABC News Correspondent Deborah Roberts, Chairman of Benefit Fund Stephen Dannhauser, and Founder & Chairman Emeritus of Benefit Fund Rusty Staub 
 Director of Development of the Benefit Fund Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo, ABC News Correspondent Deborah Roberts, and actress and Singer Gloria Reuben 
 VP of Community Affairs for the Benefit Fund Mark Messier with his wife Kimberly 
 Stephen Dannhauser (Chairman of the Board) with wife Beth Dannhauser 
 Philip V. Moyles Jr. (Board Member) with wife Beth Moyles 
 John Doyle (Board Member) with wife Katherine Doyle 
 Eileen Rafferty (wife of fallen NYPD Detective) and Commissioner Raymond Kelly 
 NYC Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano and NYC Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly 
 Tiger Lee, Jane Lee, Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo (Director of Development of Benefit Fund), Tina Wong, and Artist Alex Guofeng Cao 
 Heather Smith (Board Member) and husband David Moszer 
 Laura Park, Arielle DiCiollo, Edward Skyler, Joan Haffenreffer, Christine Dunleavy, Richard Greene, and Becca Pratt 
Dr. Anthony Marx
Students and alumni from the Jazz at Lincoln Center Middle School Jazz Academy
Brooklyn Youth Chorus Academy
Reynold Levy, Jane B. O'Connell, Darren Walker, Karen L. Rosa, and Veronica M. White
Karen L. Rosa, Dennis M. Walcott, and Jane B. O'Connell
James B. O'Neal, Merle McGee; Alison Overseth, and Dr. Danielle Moss Lee
Jane B. O'Connell and Monsignor Kevin Sullivan
Gonzalo Casals and Paul J. Heckler, Susan R. Delvalle, and Tom Cahill
Valerie Lewis, Wilfred Finnegan, and Dianne Berkun-Menaker
 Nancy Northup and Former Prime Minister of New Zealand Helen Clark 
 Joan Jett and Meryl Laguna 
 Jim Johnson, Nancy Northup, Alfre Woodard and Roderick Spencer 
 Alfre Woodard Draws the Line 
 Barkley Stuart and Ann Glazer 
Josez Alvarez and Susan Damplo
 Melissa Schiff Soros and Robert Soros 
 Pamela Buffett and friend 
 Nancy Northup, Linda Greenhouse, and Cynthia Blumenthal 
 Diana Taylor, Valerie Steele, Carolina Herrera, and Jean Shafiroff 
 Ana Oliveira and Melissa Lee 
 Judith Hall, Beatrice Frank, Anne Delaney, and Joyce Cowin 
 Cassandra Seidenfeld and Karen Klopp 
 Grainne McNamara, Diana Taylor, and Ann Moore 
 Chele Chiavacci and Diana Taylor 
 Yvonne Moore, Patti Lieberman, and Taina Bien-Aime 
 Jennifer Keil and Jen Groover 
 Tracey Schusterman, Lori Black, Elaine Kessel, and Jamie Kramer 
 Celeste Smith and Kwanza Butler 
 Katlean de Monchy and Janna Bullock 
 The Saints from STUDIOS Architecture at Bette Midler’s New York Restoration Project’s Annual Hulaween Gala.
 The scene of Hulaween: Waldorf Grand Ballroom 
 Hulaween centerpieces
 Bette Midler
 Judy Gold, Bette Midler, and Hugh Hildesley 
 Katie Couric, Billy Crystal, and Bette Midler 
 David Shaw, Bette Midler, and Glenn Close 
 Kate Pierson (of the B52s) 
Harry Connick, Jr. and Bette Midler
 David Boyd 
 Ben Needell and Charlotte Glasser 
 Charles Rosenthal, Phyllis Rosenthal, Ellen Levine, and Dr. Richard Levine 
 Sachi Rockland (dressed as an NYRP tree) 
 Susan Siegel and Sandra Thomas 
 Richard Soloway and Donna Soloway 
 Billy Crystal,  Margo MacNabb Nederlander, and Patrick McMullan
 Elysa Halpern and Judy Gold
 Paloma Soledad and Douglas Little 
 Debra and John Bonifachio 
 Emily Gerard 
 Donna Inocco and Kevin Donohue 
 Nikole Tsabasis and Joseph Hazel 
 Cat Woman and Zak Nudo 
 Jim Bradman 
 the moon goddesses (Emily Gerard, Theresa Skvarla, Harriet Gerard Clark (Director of Raynham Hall), Joy Oviedo, Alex Sutherland, Nicole Menchise) 
 creepy crunchy fingers, GreenPear Catering 
 John Collins (president of Raynham Hall) and Whooo? 
 Barbara Curry, Jim and Colette Buzzetta 
 Joseph and Kimberly Onorato 
 Jacques and Lynda Busquet 
 Liz Brown sporting 50 Shades of Gray 
 Alix Michel and Theodorus Van Wyck Cushny 
 Bill and Doreen Banks with Howard Sutherland 
 Richard Mortimer 
 Bill Miller and Mary Abbene 
 Linda Schwartsberg, Townsend Weekes, and John Schwartsberg 
 Jean Walsh and Geraldine Vitale 
 Mercedes and Bill Dorsen with Alison Howard 
 Mrs. and Mr. Kevin Ross 
 Rod Gilbert makes the rounds at The Children’s Cancer & Blood Foundation's annual “Breakthrough Ball”  at the Plaza Hotel.
 Jessica Tcherepnine and Mish Tworkowski 
 Kamie Lightburn and Mish Tworkowski 
 Ann Johnson, Phyllis Toohey, Eileen Judell, and Jean Jones 
 Anne Eisenhower and Susan Gutfreund 
 Andrea Fahnestock and Vanessa Smith 
 Barbara McLaughlin, Barbara Chapman, Mary Van Pelt, Barbara de Portago, and Esmeralda Spinola 
 Cornelia Bregman and Sheila Stephenson 
 Darren Henault and Melissa Morris 
 David Kamp, Betsy Barlow Rogers, and George Vellonakis 
 Kelly Mallon and Lara Glazier 
 Fernanda Kellogg, Eleanora Kennedy, and Karen Klopp 
 Henry Buhl, Margarite Almeida, and James Cavello 
 Hilary Geary Ross, Jamee Gregory, and Donna Acquavella 
 Huguette Hersch and CeCe Black 
 Lee Robinson, Debbie Bancroft, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Barri Lieberman, Les Lieberman, Alexis Stoudemire, Amar'e Stoudemire, Dr. Patricia Giardina, Margo Catsimatidis, John Catsimatidis, Andrea Castimatidis Cox, and Christopher Nixon Cox 
 Dr. Patricia Giardina and Amar'e Stoudemire 
 Rob Gilbert, Charles Grodin, and Joe Piscopo 
 Erika Marsh, Amar'e Stoudemire, and Peter Marsh 
 Peter Ma, Michael Saurino, Jim Leonard, Joseph Guzzi, and Keith Schultz 
 Logan Vairo, Matt Vizza, Christina Gherardi, Zeina Alvarado, David Sherman, Katie Kalafus, and Daniel Marshall 
 Margo Catsimatidis, John Catsimatidis, Andrea Castimatidis Cox, and Christopher Nixon Cox 
 Ivan Obolensky 
 Cliff Robinson, Joe Piscopo, and Vin Baker 
 Dr. Gerald Loughlin, Dr. Robert Kelly, Dr. Patricia Giardina, and Dr. Anna Kelly 
 Dr. Laurie Glimcher 
 Vin Baker, Mitch Schamroth, and Lorna Schamroth 
 Sutton Stracke, Julia Koch, Nina Davidson, and Caryn Zucker 
 Nathalie Kaplan 
 Nicky Hilton 
 Julia Loomis, Sarah Arison, and Joey Lico 
 Jessica Stam 
 Jamie and Peter Gregory 
 Bebe Neuwirth 
 Donald and Elizabeth Kramer
 Stella Abrera 
  Elyse Newhouse and Gillian Miniter
 Patsy Tarr 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Paloma Herrera and Flavio Salazar
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Devin Teuschur and Lisa Cashin 
 Jessica Stam, Zani Gugelmann, Nicky Hilton, Alyssa Miller, and Alix Devernoy 
 Marcelo Gomez and Francesca Beale 
 Valentino Carlotti and Susan Fales-Hill
 Martine van Hamel and Kevin McKenzie 
 Courtney Lavine, Paulina Waski, Brittney Degraw and friends
 Christina Cuomo 
 Daniel Ziff and Ann Ziff 
 Daniel Cappello, Alan Cumming, Marcelo Gomez, James Whiteside, and Bronson Van Wyck 
 Marjorie Gubelmann
 Andrew Martin Weber, Leslie Ziff, and Christian Siriano
 Julia Koch, Carlos Souza, Anh Duong, and Hamish Bowles
 Hamish Bowles, Julia Koch, Anh Duong, Carlos Souza, Alix Duvernoy, Brad Comisar, Eli Mizrahi, Alyssa Miller, and Inga Rubenstein
 Kees Kruythoff and Josette Sheeran 
 Stephen Bird 
 J. Michael Evans and Jack Weingart 
 Sharon Banta, Divya Mahindra, Aalika Mahindra and Jorge Zapata 
 Melissa Chiu and Jim Hedges 
 Amb. Sun Guoxiang, Consul General of China, and Sabine Kruythoff 
 Barbaralee Diamonstein-Spielvogel and Betsy Cohen 
 Charles Rockefeller and Nusrat Durrani 
 Giosetta Capriati 
 Victor and Tara Menezes and Shayne Doty 
 Stephen Schwarzman and David Bonderman 
 Lulu Wang and Amb. Heng-Chee Chan 
 Josette Sheeran and Julio Rojas 
 Henrietta Fore and Dino Patti Djalal, Ambassador of the Republic of Indonesia to the United States 
 David Wolf and Maya Lin 
 Vikas Kapoor and Tara Menezes 
 Gods Robots 
 Alec  and Hilaria Baldwin 
 Chelsea Leyland 
 Kai Dugan and Jennifer Connelly 
 Hannah Bronfman 
 Yvonne Force Villareal, Casey Fremont Crowe, and Doreen Remen 
 Coco Rocha 
 Chloe Malle 
 Larry Dvoskin, Suzy Malick, Mike De Paola, and Brett Marcus Coady 
 Elizabeth Gilpin 
 Mary Brosnahan, Carey Lowell, and Casey Jennings 
 Edward Sunderland and Victor Jon Villanueva 
 Franco Lacosta 
 Joseph  and Ari Grazi 
 Ann Dexter-Jones and Liam McMullan 
 Monica Conner and Austin Scarlett 
 Elettra Wiedemann and James Marshall 
 Dick Pamoukian, Laura Pamoukian, Andreas Roubien, Aileen Agopian, Dr. Raffy Hovanessian, Vicki Hovanessian, and Chahe Agopian 
 Andrew Heid, Cindy Farkas Glanzrock, Caleb James, and Lary Dvoskin 
 Virginia, Liam McMullan, Margie Beck, and Alan Slatas 
 Bettina Prentice and Eugenia Gonzalez 
Barkley Hickox, Phil Barker, Hampus Thofte, and Monique Brendel
Clark Winter, Sasha Feldman, Colombe Brunel, and Peter Goodwin
Henry Cashin and Chantal Noble Haldorsen
Frances Cashin, James Blanchard, and Nick Hodler
Louisa Rechter, Alexandra Papanicolaou, and Edward Shaheen
Alice Campbell and Stephen Sherrill
Helen Millson, Cricket Whitton, and Ali Jones
Peter Grote, Eric Von Stroh, Alexandre Papanicolaou, and Edward Shaheen
 Dimitris Zuridakis, Georgette Farkas, and Quave Smith 
 Jonathan Tisch and Michael Gross 
 John Pomerantz, Barbara Tober, and Donald Tober 
 Murray McCullough, Francine Farkas, and Lewis Schiff 
 Courtney Winston, David Malbequi, and Cindy Farkas Glanzrock 
 Lois Nasser, Cindy Farkas Glanzrock, Bonnie Yaseen, Janet Yaseen Kaplan, and Bruce Kaplan 
 Randi Schatz and Michael Gross 
 Lily Linton, Melissa Morris, Heidi Weisel, and Sue Chalom 
 Ed Libby and Harriette Rose Katz 
 Patricia Weeks and Jamie Connor 
 Pamela Morgan, Beth Landman, Ted Farris, and Pamela Roth 
 Janet Rodgers and John Rodgers 
 Pauline Georges and Jennifer Joyce 
 Florence Fabricant and Richard Fabricant 
 Andrea Robinson, Maureen Jerome, Andre Nasser, Lois Nasser, and Barbara Thomas 
 Michael Trokel and Gael Greene 
 Frank Bennack Jr., Elizabeth Diller, Michael Bloomberg, Diana Taylor, Barbara Walters, Jerry Speyer, Katherine Farley, Ricardo Scofidio, and Reynold Levy 
 Dick Descherer, Jennie Descherer, Matilda Cuomo, and Mario Cuomo 
 Dan Loeb, Ellen Levine, and Dr. Richard Levine 
 Bill Donaldson and Arthur Fleischer 
 Amy Perella, Joe Perella, and Faraj Saghri 
 Lori Tisch, William Ivey Long, and Adrienne Arsht 
 Mark Lebow and Patty Harris 
 Lisa Oz, Jane Goldman, and Cheryl Milstein 
 Julian Robertson and Marzia Precoda 
 Gilchrist Berg and Gil Percoda 
 Cathie Black and Nancy Brinker 
 Steve Schwartz, Liz Peek, and Jeff Peek 
 Shelly Lazarus, George Lazarus, Carolyn Wakeman, Bob Tierney, Robin Caiola, and Diane Coffey 
 Veronica Kelly, Gil Shiva, and Nicole Seligman 
 Mercedes Bass, Oscar de la Renta, and Diane von Furstenberg 
 Helen Appel, Bob Appel, and Sahra Lese 
Alison Crossen, Eve de la Mothe Karoubi, Jennifer Cuminale, and Anne de la Mothe Karoubi
Susanna Horsey, Annabel Matterson, Ylinka Barrotto, Charlie Davidson, and Olivia de Grelle
Matthew Vahidi and Patti Ruiz-Healy
Lacary Sharpe and Julia Rogers
Jamie K. Phillips, Wonnie Song, and K.C. Steedle
Jaime Jimenez, Nathalie Neury, and Nathan Orzman
Jaime Jimenez, Chelsea Peters, Casey Rotter, and Adam Widener
Brett Skirkanich and Kaitlin Lechich
Farhana Ahmed, Crystal Sourour, Stephanie Lawrence, and Meghan Thrash
Christopher Pastor, Simon Neggers, Meredith Dichter, and Sue Devine
Christeleny Frangos, Noelle Pierre, and Jamila Justine Willis
Alison Minton, Michel Witmer, and AFL's Sue Devine
Richard Gabriele, Seth Markowitz, Curtis Young, David Griffin, and Moran Bar
 Rhiannon Kubicka, Merrill Mahan, Brett Littman, Stacey Goergen, and Candace Worth 
 Trevor Oakes, Frances Beatty Adler, and Ryan Oakes 
 Pat Steir and Brett Littman 
 J. Parker Valentine and Paul Valentine 
 Tina Hejtmanek and Pat Keesey 
 Thomas Galbreith and Charlie Manzo 
 Eric Rudin, Fiona Rudin, Stacey Goergen, and Brett Littman 
 Amiee Good and Lindsay Taylor 
 Jane Scott Hodges, Kathleen Flynn, and Samantha Smith 
 Nancy Poses and Fred Poses 
 Liz Bower, Adam Glick, and Natalie Frank 
 Mia Sundell, Nicholas Sundell, and Margret Sundell 
 Katrina Brooker and Claudia Overstrom 
 Dorsey Waxter and Linda Blumberg 
 Cathy Williams and Lucy Phillips 
 Bridget Marks and Phillip Isles 
 David Cholmondeley, 7th Marquess of Cholmondeley, Susan Gutfreund, Rose Cholmondeley, the Marchioness, and Franck Laverdin 
 Juliette France Roche and Andree Marchihacy Roche 
 Benjamin Jentil, Adrean Lunel, Dorian Dumonteil, Axel Marteau, Romain Marteau, and Marius Lubin 
 Miles Morgan, Elaine Uzan Leary, and Franck Laverdin 
 Roric Tobin, Geoffrey Bradfield, Pierre-Michel Dumonteil, and Dorian Dumonteil 
 Victoria Wyman and Luce Churchill 
 Ramon Goni, Taylor Ward, and Franck Laverdin 
 Dr. Patrick Stubgen, Dana Hammond Stubgen, Kirat Young, Amy Fine Collins, and Franck Laverdin 
 Pierre-Michel Dumonteil, Florence Calvet, Serena Calvet, and Franck Laverdin 
 Carole Bellidora Westfall and Emory Westfall 
 Beatrice Pei, Diane Fisher, and Carolina Von Humboldt 
 Stephane, Yanna Avis, Franck Laverdin, and Massimo Gargia 
 Amy Fine Collins, Roy Kean, and Kirat Young 
 Audrey Gruss and Pierre-Michel Dumonteil 
 Carol Cohen and Charlene Nederlander 
 Sharon Handler Loeb and Mai Hallingby Harrison 
 Lauren Lawrence and Juliette France Roche 
 Sherrill Kazan and Shamina De Gonzaga 
 Vyna St Phard and  Michael McConkey 
 Michael Bianco, Toni Peragine, and Trish Cope 
 Karen Larrain and Karina Lepiner 
 Brian Bottini and Jennifer Wang 
 Pierre-Michael Dumonteil, Lili, the Duchess of Marlborough, Franck Laverdin, and Edgar Batista 
 Diane Batista, Edgar Batista, Karen Larraine, and Maurice Batista 
Jamee and Peter Gregory
Myron Oppenheimer and Lee Calicchio
Nicole Hanley Mellon, Matthew Mellon, and Meredith Dunn
 Dr. Elizabeth Poynor, Jake Shapiro, and Richard Shapiro, MD 
 Kelly Kennedy Mack and Stephen Mack 
 Ambassador Beatrice Welters, Robert I. Grossman, MD, dean and CEO NYU Langone, and Grace Y. Ko 
 Connie and Martin Silver 
 Debora and Jes Staley 
 Laura Perlmutter, Sylvia Hassendeld, and Dr. Felicia Axelrod 
 Luca Lindner and Sylvia Formenti, MD 
 Phillip Moskowitz, MD and Sandra Meyer 
 Thelma Duggin 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD, dean and CEO NYU Langone and honoree Richard Shapiro, MD 
 Stanley and Tracy Shopkorn 
 Steven B. Abramson, MD, Steve Shak, MD, and Martin Blaser, MD 
 2013 Family Party Leadership. Back row (left right): Jacqueline Sackler, Jennifer Mascarenhas, Lauren Tobe, Jessica Marinaccio, Hannah An, Miriam Daneker, Kristen Kaufman, Alexandra Mondre, Joella Lykouretzos, Elizabeth Eginton, Janet Boris, Rebekah Mercer, and Benedetta Casamento. Front row (left right): Don Watros, Dara O'Hara, Jessica Murphy, Laura Whitman, Melissa Hawks, Museum President Ellen V. Futter, Allison Mignone, Melissa Meister, Robin Roberts, Sharon Teles, Zibby Right, and Dana Wallach Jones 
 Keith and Melissa Meister with children 
 Melissa Meister (middle) and friends 
 Heather and Ross Schulman with children 
 Roberto and Allison Mignone with children 
 Rebekah Mercer with children 
 John and Joella Lykouretzos with children 
 Rebekah Mercer, Roberto and Allison Mignone, and Michael Boyle 
 Ben Holman and Don Watros 
 Kathleen Glaymon 
 Jennie Tarr Coyne with children and performer from Weaving the Wild 
 Performer from Weaving the Wild 
 Rainforest and Reptile Shows 
 "A Touch of Nature" with Jerry Zelenka 
 Tiffany & Co. Gem Dig 
 The Museum's Associate Dean of Science Christopher Raxworthy 
 Science Center 
 Buddy from The Jim Henson Company's Dinosaur Train 
 Tiffany & Co. Decorate a Crown 
 Cozy's Cuts for Kids 
 MME DJ and the Rock Star Dancers 
 Lulu Johnson and Betsey Johnson 
 Dr. Georgia Witkin, Dr. Laurie Margolies, Dr. Janet Szabo, and Dr. David Reich 
 Geralyn Lucas and Betsey Johsnon 
 Kira Copperman and Dr. Alan Copperman 
 Benefit Committee 
 Maddy Barkin, Florence Morel, Dr. Georgia Witkin, Dr. Laurie Margolies, Dr. Janet Szabo, and Dr. David Reich 
 Betsey Johnson and Pat Battle 
 Dr. Neesha Patel, Jennifer-Lynn Jankesh, and Dr. Karen A. Lee 
 Dr. Wayne Fuchs and Patti Fuchs 
 Maddy Barkin and Louise Stern 
 Mike Tadross and Dr. Georgia Witkin 
 Andrea Geduld and Dr. Ira Bleiweiss 
 Dr. Emily Sonnenblick and Dr. Kenneth Offit 
 Joanna Coles
            and Isaac Mizrahi
Anne Harrison, Suzie Aijala, Isaac Mizrahi, Joanna Coles, Sharon Jacob, and Paige Hardy
Paige Hardy, Anne Harrison, Isaac Mizrahi, Sharon Jacob, Suzie Aijala, and Doug Blonsky
 Anne Harrison
            and Tom Kempner
 Lori Bassman,  Antonia Paternò Castello, and Noreen Buckfire
 Eric Gantwarg, Briony Raymond, Isaac Mizrahi, Yvonne Lynam, Lauren Imperial, and Aisha Thompson 
 Fe Fendi
            and Sharon Hurowitz 
 Fiona Rudin
            and Isaac Mizrahi

Samantha Geller  
              and 
              June Schorr


Kamie Lightburn and 
              Paige Hardy 

 Kimberly Thurston
            and Adelina Wong Ettelson
 Jenny Price, Sarah Zeid, and Kristin Ursano
 Muffy Miller
            and Lise Evans
 Robin Bell Stevens and Norma Dana 
 Sheila LaBrecque, Pam Miles, and Nell Kleinschmidt
 Yaz Hernandez, Audrey Gruss, Eleanora Kennedy, and Mai Harrison
 Yesim Philip and Dara O'Hara 
 Rachael Ray, Marcy Bloom, and Liz Neumark 
 Nina Freedman, Dina Weinstein, Lizzie Domansky, Amy Berlin Wolpert, Lara Holtz, and Sharon Averni 
 Anna Hammond, Rachael Ray, John Rhea, Liz Neumark, and Megan Sheekey 
 Lizzie Domansky and Amy Todd Middleton 
 Liz and Chaim Neumark 
 Rachael Ray and children from The Sylvia Center program 
 Iris Love and Mitchell Rosenthal 
 Ted Geary, Dolly Geary, and Jack Geary 
 Louise Grunwald and Jamie Niven 
 Joan Kron and Cathy Hardwick 
 Mary Jane Pool and Janet Loeb 
 Suzanne Ainsley, Muffy Miller, and Lis Waterman 
 Gigi Benson, Iris Love, and Susan Lloyd 
 Mario Buatta, Jean Pearman, Gerry Lauren, and Lauren Veronis 
 Jean Pearman, Simon Pinniger, and Sydney Shuman 
 Ann Rapp and Roy Kean 
 Caroline Roehm, Jonathan Marder, and Sharon Hoge 
 Susan Gutfriend, Allison Stern, and Leonard Stern 
 George Farias and Margaret Russell 
 Wilbur Ross, Hilary Geary, and Mario Buatta 
 Susan Gutfriend, Alfred Taubman and Bruce Bockman 
 Stephen Briganti and Kay Gilman 
 Deborah Norville and Cece Cord 
 Kirat Young, Nina Griscom, and Amy Fine Collins 
Barbara and Peter Regna
 Amy Hoadley, Barbara Regna, and Polly Onet
Martha Glass and Nancy Sambuco
Esmeralda Spinola Pedroni, Emilio Pedroni, and Paige Hardy
David and Lisa Wolf
Polly Onet with Othon and Kathy Prounis
Alexandra and Nico Kanellopoulos
Jennifer and and John Argenti, Claire McKeon, and Mark Gilbertson 
Elizabeth Martin and Alexandra Scott-Brown
Kathy Prunis, Jennifer Powers, Walter Dean, and Eleni Gianopulos
Marissa and Matt Brown
Mark Bryant, ML McCarthy, Frazer Rice, and Christina Kepple
 Victoria Zitrin, Enterprise Board Member and Michele Goss, Fall Antiques Show Co-Chair with Nill and Anya Levine 
 Candace Cavanaugh with Designers Circle member, Maria Tenaglia 
 Peter Stern, Christine Pelosi, Joe Montana, and Peter Kaufman 
 Vivien Kronengold, Brooks Brothers CMO and Arthur Wayne, VP of Public Relations with Ariane Trimuschat, Fall Antiques Show Director 
 Michelle C. Harris and Wheeler S. Griffith, Enthusiasts Chairs with Maria Sullivan (middle) 
 Geoff Callan and Hilary Newsom Callan 
 John Urben with Victoria Zitrin and Michael Franzia, Enterprise Board Members 
 Peter Mueller and Alison Carlson, Enterprise Board Members with Riccardo Benavides 
 Ann Girard and Karen Kubin 
 Alonzo Williams, Brooks Brothers SF Store Manager with Barbara Cohen 
 Alexander Bie, Douglas Ley and Nadine Weil 
 Linda Mayne, Marin County Regional Chair 
 Nancy and Jack Havens with Amy Kelly and Jonathan Rachman, Designers Circle Members 
 Anne Laury, Jorge Maumer and Dianne Yancey 
 Eric Petsinger and Troy Anicete 
 Prince Andrew, The Duke of York and Military Ball Grand Chairman and Mrs. Ryland E.D. Chase 
 Bob Woodruff and Prince Andrew, The Duke of York 
 Sgt. Jim Bavaro and Prince Andrew, The Duke of York 
 Igor Babailov and Prince Andrew, The Duke of York 
 Military Ball Grand Chairman Ivan Obolensky and Prince Andrew, The Duke of York 
 Prince Andrew, The Duke of York, Military Ball Grand Chairman Ivan Obolensky and Military Ball Grand Chairman, Mrs. Rylan 
 Marvin Scott and Bob Woodruff 
 Margo Catsimatidis, Serphin Maltese, and Constance Maltese 
 Margo and John Catsimatidis, Rita Cosby, and Tomaczek Bednarek 
 Col Raymond J Lustig 
 Brig. General Arnold Albert and Lt. Commander Beth Kleiman 
 Ged Regensburger and Mitzi Perdue (Mrs. Frank Perdue) 
 Douglas McGowan, Paula McGowan and President of the United War Veterans Council, Vince McGowan 
 SSMAC Military Ball Junior Committee 
 Prince Andrew, The Duke of York and Lord Nicholas Windsor 
 Christina Maltese, Anthony Maltese, A.J. Maltese and Military Ball Sponsor's Committee Co-Chairman Cynthia Maltese 
 Christine Loomis and Dr . Wellington S Tichenor 
 Gene Panasenko, Countess Nicholas Bobrinskoy and Rod O'Connell 
 Helen Roosevelt and John Gall 
 Captain Frank H. Arlinghaus, David Gurfein, Vivian Gurfein and Captain Lindsay Pirek 
 Jackie Astor Drexel 
 Jennifer  and Christopher Cathers 
 USO Liberty Bells 
 Norma and Jim Tallon 
 Tracy Reese and Roger Ferguson 
 Andrew Borrok with Leni and Peter May 
 Nirav Shah, Merryl Tisch, and Nidhi Shah 
 Allan Weissglass and Barclay Collins 
 Byron Lars and Chris Isles 
 Andrew and Leslie Blauner 
 Patrick Tallon, Michael Tallon, and Julia Tallon 
 Alfred and Gail Engelberg 
 Josh Kuriloff and Lee Perlman 
 Len McNally and Stan Herman 
 Pierre DeJean, Dan Conmy, and Vernon McKoy 
 Arthur Klein and Ken Raske 
 Jennifer Price, Patricia Levinson, and Barry Price 
 Steven Hochberg and Kathy McGovern Kearns 
 Michael Stocker, Carol Raphael, David Levy, and Amanda Bowman 
 Deborah Bachrach, Joe Baker, and Phyllis Lantos 
 Eudora Huang, Gary Smith, and Karen Castellano 
 Greetings the guests at 
            The Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts. 
 Charlize Theron and Wallis Annenberg 
 Charlize Theron 
 Freida Pinto and Dev Patel 
 Gia Coppola, Jacqui Getty, and Demi Moore 
 Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale 
 Jamie Tisch and Julian Gratry 
Bollywood Actor Omi Vaidya emcees
Pratham USA Chairman Arvind Sanger, Sanjiv and Sangeeta Sobti (gala co-chair), and Salonika and Venk Lal
Bhangra artist Bikram Singh
Friends of Pratham
Pratham Tristate Chairman Dinyar Devitre with Chelsea Clinton
Pratham co-founder and CEO Madhav Chavan (on right) with guest
Guests dancing at Pratham Gala
Marcus Samuelsson, Trustees Lise Evans, and Event Chair Holly Peterson
Storefront student Jasmine Q. with Marcus Samuelsson 
Trustees Ellen-Jane Moss and Dorian Brown
Trustees Lise Evans and Amanda Low
Trustee Elsie Aidinoff, Storefront Principal Hassan Turner, and Trustee Anne Rivers
David Howe, Kathleen Howe, Christine Moore, and Trustee Chris Moore
Storefront Executive Director Wendy Reynoso, Trustee and Luncheon Chair Holly 			Peterson, and Deborah Roberts
 ASPCA CEO Matt Bershadker and an adoptable dog 
 Christiane Seidel 
Guests arriving
 Joe Gatto 
 DJ Kiss 
 At the Breast Cancer Research Foundation's annual Symposium and Awards Luncheon (standing): Susan Mendik, Denise LeFrak, Andrea Stark, Richard Ziegelasch, Roberta Amon, and Dr. Mina Bissell. Seated: Leslie Model, Penny Wallerstein, Wendy Finerman, and Mira Zwillinger.
 Drs Larry Norton, Titia de Lange, Robert Vonderheide, Nancy Davidson, and Clifford Hudis 
 Arlene Taub, William Lauder, and Marisa Acocella Marchetto 
 Dan Lufkin, Myra Biblowit, William Lauder, and Dr Clifford Hudis 
 Dr Moien Kanaan, Roz Goldstein, and Dr Mary-Claire King 
Muffie  Potter Aston
 Tory Burch 
 Gigi Grimstadt and Natalie Kaplan 
 Gigi Mortimer, Caryn Zucker, and Caroline Dean 
 Hugh Freund and Patsy Callahan 
 Marisa Brown and Caryn Zuker 
 Marshall and Wendi Rose 
 Prudence Solomon, Muffie Potter Aston, Gianna Palminteri, Somers Farkas, and Daphna Kastner Keitel 
 Stacie Kiratsous and Stephanie Ginsberg 
 Standing: Dr Joan Brugge, Bonnie Strauss, Amanda Grove Holmen. Seated: Marjorie Reed Gordon, Coco Kopelman, Ambassador Brenda Johnson, Jeanne Lawrence, and Sahra Lese 
 Standing:Gail Hilson, Dr Laurie Glimcher, Jamee Gregory, Larry Leeds, Muffy Miller. Seated: Melinda Blinken, Dr Martine Piccart-Gebhart, and Anne Sitrick 
 Standing: Maria Baum, Kim Heyman, Nina Davidson, Lisa Klein, Debi Wisch. Seated: Kara Council, Harriet Weintraub, Eleanora Kennedy, and Julie Dannenberg 
 New York Stem Cell Foundation scientists 
 Susan Solomon, Shirley Cook, and Richard D. Kaplan 
 Shirley Cook and Richard D. Kaplan 
 Alex Goldberger, Susan Solomon, Ben Goldberger, and Paul Goldberger 
 Zachary Knight, Jacob Hanna, Amy Wagers, Daniel Huber, Julian Robertson, Winrich Freiwald, Susan Solomon, Kristen Brennand, Jay Rajagopal, and Melissa Warden 
 Jill Iscol and Meredith Melling Burke 
 Millie Cook, Shirley Cook, Richard Smith, and Jamieson Webster 
 Meredith Melling Burke, Jill Iscol, Kiva Iscol, and Libby Leist 
 Lazara Hernandez, Lauren Santo Domingo, and Derek Blasberg 
 Panos Douvaras, Susan Burke, Valentina Fossati Phd, and Marco Calafiore PhD 
 Cece Cord and Anna Gary 
 Tony Pacchia, Larry Eagle, and Lee Pacchia 
 Dr. Roy Geronemus, Jeff Wallerstein, and Alex Goldberger 
 Joan Davidson, Edwina Sandys, and Regina Gil 
 Marcia Mishaan and Bess Weatherman 
 Charles Mangum, Salwa Aboud Smith, Elaine Mangum, and Beth Swanstrom 
 Omid Masab, Mahsa Bahrani, Katy Dacey, Leslie Demers, and Adam Brunk 
 Charles Kaiser, Ashton Hawkins, and Johnnie Hawkins 
 Barbara Tober and Katie Krumholz 
 Alex Robertson, Alexandra Robertson, Libby Leist, and Zach Iscol 
 Edwina Sandys and Donald Tober 
 Carol Roaman and Carole Olshan 
 Richard D. Kaplan, Barbara Tober, Edward Barlow, and Regina Gil 
 Gert Clark and Jodie Eastman 
 Thomas Zacharias and Hilary Ross
 Susan Solomon and Amy Wagers PhD 
 Piero Incisa della Rocchetta and Kazu Yoshii 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Helena Lehane, Roric Tobin, and Franck Laverdin 
 Ijaz Malik and Uzma Sarfraz Khan 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Muna Rihani Al-Nasser, and Ambassador Nassir Al-Nasser 
 Hunt Slonem and Liliana Cavendish 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Monique Van Vooren, and Bruce Horten 
 Montgomery Frazier, Angela Chen, and Ben Mindich 
 Ijaz Malik and Anna Gary 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Debbie Bancroft and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Anna Gary, Ijaz Malik, Denise Rich, Geoffrey Bradfield, Richard Turley, and CeCe Cord 
 Alexis Zambrano and Gerardo Farias 
 Greg Kan and Lucia Hwong Gordon 
 Alessandra Emanuel, Don Goldstein, and Barbara Regna 
 Ann Rapp 
 Grace Li, Angela Chen, and Greg Kan 
 Marc Rozic and James Lowther 
 Richard Kaplan, Edwina Sandys, and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Tia Walker, Barbara Regna, and Alessandra Emanuel 
 Lauren Cunningham, Karen Jaffe, Justin Concannon, and Rachel Hovnanian 
 Maggie Norris 
 Michele Gerber Klein and Jean Shafiroff 
 Outside the tent 
 Under the tent for  lunch catered by The Farmer's Wife 
 Local Honey at table
 Everett Cook and Tom Flexner 
 Bill and Daphne Richards 
 Co-Chairs: David Thieringer, Helen Blodgett, Rebecca Seaman and DLC President, and Becky Thornton 
 Felie Thorne 
 Mrs. Hale and her children 
 Jennifer and Erik Oken and their daughters 
 Robert Augustine and his daughte Kathleen 
 Susan Abu Haidar, Beth Ledy, and Larry Shapiro 
 Eric Roberts, Alicia Adams, MC Roberts, and Daniel Adams 
 Simone Mailman and friends 
 ?, ?, and ? 
 Nancy Henze, Hilary and John Block 
 Parker Thorne, Rebecca Seaman, Eva Quartararo, and Cat Kennan 
 Nancy and David Hathaway 
 Becky Thornton, David Thieringer, Helen Blodgett, DLC Chairman,Tim Bontecou, and Rebecca Seaman 
 Becky Thornton, Lisa Barnes-Schwartz,Tim Bontecou, and Cat Kennan 
 Everett Cook and David Parshall 
 The pumpkin tumblr in action
 Concert featuring Geri Allen & Afro Blue at  New Jersey Symphony Orchestra's opening night concert and gala  at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center (NJPAC) in Newark.
 Executive Director Sharon Crary with event co-chairs Carolyn Mullins and Sarah Herschbach McGee 
 Brooks and Caroline Traugott 
 Cynthia and Mary Van Pelt 
 Lily Takian 
 Whitney Mogavero, Sarah Herschbach McGee, and Paige Boller Malik 
 Sarah Kurita, Kendall Kurita, and Katherine Kurita 
 Mary Louise Koch 
 Deckland Leahy 
 Isabella Bosco 
 Peter McEvilly 
 Alejandra Gil, Oscar Gil, and Gabriel Gil 
 Charles and Jacqueline Malik 
 Brennan Koch, Jonathan Adelson, and Mary Beth Adelson 
 Henry Adelson and Grace Koch 
 Cameryn McGee, Sarah McGee, Cassidy McGee, Douglas McGee, and Douglas McGee 
 Francis Fordjour and Sofanit Tewoldebrhan 
 Chris Collins, Brooke Shields, Glen C. Dailey, and Jeanine Behr Getz 
 Brooke Shields and Jamie Figg 
 Chris Collins and Jamie Figg 
 Sandra Dailey, Glen C. Dailey, Michael Dailey, and Marissa Magrino 
 Kathy and Othon Prounis 
 Dave and Rhonda Sherwood 
 Lauren Colonna, Richard Hradek, and Gabrielle Guttman 
 Catherine Carey, Mark Gilbertson, Kamie Lightburn, and Amanda Taylor 
 Kevin and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen and Amy Hoadley 
 Ronald Bruso and Lisa Selby 
 Ellie Libby and Kate Edmonds Donner 
 Stewart Manger and Amy Hoadley 
 Jean Shafiroff and Greg Kelly 
 Melissa and Chappy Morris 
 Jamie Figg and Lisa Bytner 
 Evelyn Thompson 
 Sue Chalom and Karolina Piecyk Albertson 
 NJSO performance on opening night
 Concert featuring Geri Allen and Afro Blue Chorus 
 Geri Allen takes her bow
The audience  at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center (NJPAC) in Newark
 Pres & CEO James Roe at the post-performance dinner
 Special dinner performance by Geri Allen
 Susan Stucker,  Geri Allen,  Ruth Lipper, and Al Angel 
 Guests Audrey Bartner and Mary Ellen Waggoner 
 Karl Herman, Gemma New, and Morry Mulman 
 Roberta Renard and John Wooster 
 Amy Liss, Ruth Lipper, and Stephen Fang
 Pres & CEO James Roe conversing with dinner guests 
 Dinner with guests Bob and Leslie Roe, Karl Herman, and Gemma New 
 Stefan Zellmer and Patricia Soussloff 
 Ed Deitch, Stefan Zellmer, Andrew Sousloff, Patricia Soussloff, Kate Waters, and Tim Waters 
 Larry Wohl, Maggie Norris, Leesa Rowland, and R. Couri Hay 
Susan Henshaw Jones and The Director's Council Chairs of the Museum of the City of New York.
The scene at  The Four Seasons for “New York After Dark"
Valesca Guerrand Hermes, Marisa Brown, Michael Gross, Dori Cooperman, and Matthew and Nicole Mellon
Di Mondo and Eric Javits
Alixe Laughin and Emilie Ghilaga
Jared Goss, Libby Fitzgerald, and Mark Gilbertson
Alex Hitz and Amy Fine Collins
Teresa and Bruce Colley with Christine Schwarzman
Amy Hoadley, Kelly Rutherford, and Jennifer Creel
Chip and Burwell Schorr
Carol Mack, Mark Gilbertson, and Dana Hammond
Brooke Harlowe and Celerie Kemble
Dan Lufkin and Bill Cunningham
Jill and Andrew Roosevelt
Lisa Woodward, Jamie Creel, and Fernanda Niven
Libby and Terry Fitzgerald
Gigi and Avie Mortimer
Mary and Guy Van Pelt
George and Calvert Moore
Helene Comfort and Tania Higgins
Anjali and Prakash Melwani with Susan Gutfreund
Kathy and Othon Prounis
Evelyn Tompkins, Victor Geraci, and Pam Owens
Nina Griscom and Frances Schultz
Judith Guest and Brad Black
Peter and Allison Rockefeller
Michael Cominotto and David Basso
Kate Allen, Jennifer Oken, and Karen Klopp
Peter Pennoyer and Katie Ridder
Larry Creel and Avie Mortimer
Ros L'Esperance and Todd Romano
Scott Currie, Susan Magrino, and Greg Calejo
Gene Williams, Mary Snow, and Mark Gilbertson
Peter and Jamee Gregory
Jeff Sharp and Joel Schumacher with Graff models dressed in Oscar de la Renta
 Lionel and Dotty Goldfrank 
 Amy Goldman Fowler and Cary Fowler 
 Ann and Charles Johnson with Jeanie Burns 
 Caroline Wamsler, Mish Tworkowski and Joseph Singer, and DeWayne Phillips 
 Chuck and Deborah Royce 
 Piaget models in Rose Garden 
 Courtnay Daniels, Jeanie Burn, Susan and Coleman Burke, and Mary Davidson 
 Gillian and Sylvester Miniter 
 Gregory Long, Maureen Chilton, and Dotty and Lionel Goldfrank 
 Jeanie Jones and Friederike Biggs 
 Joey Slotnick, Tayla Cousins, Keith Brown, and Larry Boland 
 Ken and Ellen Roman 
 Memrie Lewis, Julia Utsch, and Nonie Sullivan 
 Polina Seminova 
 Kevin McKenzie and Alexei Ratmansky 
 ABT Studio Company dancer Katerina Eng 
 Leslie Ziff and Kate Lydon 
 Steven Slutsker and Marliese Slutsker 
 Ray Hagg, Leslie Ziff, Daniel Ziff, and Franco De Vita 
 Kevin McKenzie, Audre Carlin, and Jerry Link 
 Carol and Dan Strone 
 Ann Ziff and Elizabeth Acevedo 
 Leslie Ziff, Daniel Ziff, and Jean Volpe 
 Ellen and Murray Koppelman 
 Karen Oguma	and	friends 
 Lynne Smalley and Matti Brine 
 John Haddorff, Linda Fell, and Rachel Moore 
 Skyler Maxey Wert and Ray Hagg 
 Scout Forsyth and Franco De Vita 
 ABT Studio Company dancers 
Benefit Chairman Susannah Weiss, Honoree Michel David-Weill,  Hélène David-Weill, Frick Director Ian Wardropper, Sarah McNear, and Benefit Chairman Antonio Weiss
Catherine Flint and Sarah Flint in the Boucher Room
Philippe and Edith de Montebello with Richard and Isabelle Feigen
Honoree Michel-David-Weill and Honorary Chairman Walter A. Eberstadt
Bob Haboldt with Carolyn and Malcolm H. Wiener
Frick CFO Robert Goldsmith and Joanne du Pont Foster
Susan and Henry P. Johnson
Ian Wardropper, Honoree Michel David-Weill,  Antonio Weiss, Susannah Weiss, and Chairman of the Board of Trustees Margot Bogert
Jerry Ann Woodfin-Costa and Victor Costa
David Owsley, June Dyson, and Barbara and James S. Reibel
Guests enjoy the Library gallery
Arie and Coco Kopelman
Frick Director Ian Wardropper, Chairman of the Board of Trustees Margot Bogert, and Honoree Michel David-Weill
Charles S. Moffett, Cécile David-Weill, and Robert Couturier 
Guillaume Fouilleron, Eiko Assael, and Nicola Knight
Anne Goldrach, Alain Goldrach, and Helen Clay Chace (great granddaughter of Henry Clay Frick)
Teresa Longyear and David Bull
Beatrice Santo Domingo, Gil Shiva, and Lynn Nesbit
Linda and Fritz Hobbs
Seymour R. Askin with Sally and Howard Lepow
Robert Froelich and Emily T. Frick
 Judson Traphagen and Megan Meagher
Lynn Nesbit and Ezra Zilkha
Peter and Sophia Blanchard
Fernanda M. Kellogg and Kirk Henckels
Cetie Nippert Ames, Konrad K. Keesee, and Irene Roosevelt Akin
Henry Arnhold, Nina Beattie, and Candace Beinecke
Martha Fleischman, Barbara G. Fleischman, and Londa Weisman
Jerry Bogert, Mark Schaffer, and David Goldman
Anne Sidamon-Eristoff and Helen Clay Chase
Oscar and Annette de la Renta with Beatrice Santo Domingo
Guests in the Oval Room
Dinner is served ...
Frick Director Ian Wardropper presents honoree Michel David-Weill with an engraved silver tray  from Tiffany and Co.
Anjali Melwani and Sandeep Mathrani
Sebastien and Caroline Mazella di Bosco
Michael E. Gellert and Anne Goldrach
Melinda Sullivan and Frick Director Ian Wardropper
 Elisabeth de Picciotto and Garrett Moss
Molly Schreiber, Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani, and John Schreiber
Thierry Despont and Claude Wasserstein
Susan Gutfreund and Robert Couturier
 Gala Co-Chair Mercedes Bass, Carnegie Hall Chairman Sanford I Weill, and soprano Anna Netrebko 
 Carnegie Hall Chairman Mr. Sanford I. Weill and Mrs. Joan Weill 
 Ara Guzelimian, Janet Clough, Emanuel Ax and Yoko Nazaki Ax 
 Composer in Residence David Lang and wife Suzanne Bocanegra 
  John Pomerantz and Trustee Mrs. Laura Pomerantz 
 Mrs. Marina French and Trustee Dr. Thomas Sculco and Mrs. Cynthia Sculco 
 Violinist Joshua Bell addresses the gala attendees 
 Opening Night Gala Dinner in the Grand Ballroom at the Waldorf Astoria 
 Leonardo Genovese and Esperanza Spalding 
 Gala guests dance the night away 
 Robert A.M. Stern and Gala Co-Chair Mercedes Bass 
 John and Laura Pomerantz, Terry and Tina Lundgren, Robert F. Smith and Hope Dworaczyk 
 Hope Dworaczyk and Robert F. Smith 
 Sopranos Jessye Norman and Anna Netrebko 
 Esperanza Spalding, Terri Lyne Carrington, and Valerie Simpson 
 Trustee Terry Lundgren and Tina Lundgren 
 Adrienne Arsht, Darren Walker, Jessye Norman, and Charles Hamlen 
BCRF President and CEO Myra Bilblowit, Estee Lauder Companies Executive Chairman William Lauder, and the board of directors of The Pink Agenda
Kara Council
The Pink Agenda Founder and President Jaquelyn M. Scharnick, Chris Benz. and Kara Council
Lori Tritsch, The Pink Agenda Director Samantha Tritsch, and William Lauder
BCRF President and CEO Myra Bilblowit, Chris Benz, and Becky Benz
 William Lauder, Miss USA Erin Brady, and Samantha Tritsch
DJ Vikas Sapra
 Steven Stolman and Jamie Drake 
 Louis Renzo and Lauren Grushkin 
 Alexa Hampton and Mario Buatta 
 Amy Bader and Neil Bader 
 Judy Hadlock 
 Alexa Hampton and Ken Wyse 
 Carolyn Sollis, Young Huh, and Janice Langrall 
 Jack Bochonok and Tony Hoyt 
 Hugh Hildesley 
 Keith Miesto and Josh Sandbulte 
 David Cundey, Kie Cundy, and Maryellen Cundey 
 David  and Susan Weil 
 Melanie Shorin, Pat Rosenwald, and John Rosenwald 
 Betsy Perry 
 Christy and Kevin Hammond 
 Fiona Waterstreet 
 Philip Howard, Sydney Shuman, and Alexandra Howard 
 Tara Agroskin and Dan Agroskin 
 Nancy Brown, Dolly Bross Geary, and Jack Geary 
 Andrea Glimcher 
 Beth Kojima and Lauren Frank 
 Karen Sonneborn and Alexander von Perfall 
 Joseph Gleber and Sydney Shuman 
 Olivia Flatto and John Hoffman 
 Russell Carson and Julia Koch 
 Sophocles Zoullas, Silvia Zoullas, and Harltey Rogers 
 Claudia Overstrom and Betsy Pitts 
 Carter Simonds 
 Celine Rattray and Eden Williams 
 David Koch and Marc Tessier-Lavigne 
 Simon Roosevelt and Natalia Echavarria 
 Guests in the Jill and Lewis Bernard Family Hall of North American Mammals 
 Co-chairs Martin and Holly Okner 
 Max Nowak, Lexi Milstein, Susy Schieffelin, and Adam Klopp 
 Steering Committee members Andrew Goldberg, Kellan Finley,and Susan and Joe Shatz 
 Katia Menegon, Steering Committee member Alessia Menegon, and Ariella Menegon 
 Katherine Brown (left) and friends 
 Kate and Ian Ferreira 
 Steering Committee members Michael Lackman and Ruth Ann Blankenheim with friends 
 Grace Randolph, Elissa Suslow, Rebecca Prowler, and Courtney Drayer 
 Co-chairs Iain and Zoe Wilson with Cynthia and Tim Irons 
 Sandrina Bencomo and Steering Committee member Emanuel Michael 
 Co-Zach Pomerantz, Wyatt Knaster, and Jason Knaster 
 Co-chair Gaelin Rosenwaks and friends (second from left) 
 Co-chairs Zach and Lori Pomerantz 
 Ryan Bailes, Margaret Jones, Ivan Marshalleck, and Sholom Ellenberg 
 Alex Mareska and Gillian Walters 
 Philip Suarez, Allan Houston,  Howard J. Rubenstein, and Rod Gilbert
 NYC Police Commissioner and PAL Honorary President Raymond W. Kelly with former NYC Police Commissioner and PAL Vice Chairman Robert J. McGuire
 Lucinda Franks Morgenthau, Archbishop Timothy Cardinal Dolan, and Robert M. Morgenthau
 John A. Catsimatidis,  Dr. Karen E. Burke, and Tony Lo Bianco
 Elle King and Emily Wilson 
 Joey Lico and Julia Loomis with friends 
 Doug Blonsky and Jane McIntosh 
 Lauren Fitzpatrick, Joey Lico, John David Robbins, Julia Loomis, and Sarah Arison 
 Alexandra Lind Rose and Elizabeth Kurpis 
 Leah Kelly and Michelle Mallol 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson, Yaz Hernandez, Yliana Yepez, Gillian Miniter, Doug Blonsky, and Liz Peek 
 Karen Klopp and Nancy Paduano 
 Karen Klopp, Bob Cochran, and Nancy Paduano 
 Nathalie Kaplan and Suzanne Cochran 
 Fe Fendi, Serena Miniter, and Gillian Miniter 
 Emily Wilson 
 Gillian Miniter, Di Mondo, and Serena Miniter 
 Lisa and David Klein 
 Melissa and Chappy Morris 
 Jennifer Creel and CoCo Kopelman 
 Caroline Lo Arcos, Lavinia Bianca Snyder, CoCo Kopelman, and Leslie Perkins 
 Kate O'Neill, Maria Giulia Maramotti, and Lilly Bunn 
 Nathalie Kaplan and Courtney Moss 
 Catherine Parey, Maria Giulia Maramotti, Shafi Roepers, and Martha Glass 
 Robyn Joseph, Hilary Dick, and Elizabeth Fuller 
 Annie Cardeluf and Stephanie Griswold 
 Shoshanna Gruss 
 Sloan Overstrom and Mark Gilbertson 
 Cannes Croisette
 Angelo Rasmus Hogset, John Martin Bengtsson, and Johan Christer Novsjo
Guests gathering for the concert 
Christoper Peacock
Jack Melki of Maison Herold Scherman Paris and Robert Hughes of Christopher Peackcock with models from Maison Herold Scherman Paris
Joe Pascarella
John Smith and Katina Ward 
Patricia Bonus with Patrice Bernan
Alexandra Danshov, Olga Kushnareva,Victoriya Greshnev, and Georgy Bogomolov
Alexis Gion
Anastasiya Vasin, Rada Goremykin, and Svetlana Dolgorukov
Dylan Brown
 Nadine Thil (far left) enjoying the spread
Submitting their names to win Lalique price
New Africa Center
 Hank Willis Thomas 
 Bono
            and Harry Belafonte
 Dikembe Mutombo
            and Fab Five Freddy
 Bono, Makgatho Mandela, and Mohamed Aly Ansar
 Hadeel Ibrahim and Angelique Kidjo 
 Helene Faussart, Fab Five Freddy, and Celia Faussart 
 Liya Kebede 
 Alan and Susan Patricof with Mo Ibrahim
 Lynn Taliento
            and Tom Fresten
 Rose Aiello,  Ben Bronfman, Sherry Bronfman, and  Poppy Gaye
 Richard and Cecilia Attias 
 Youssou N'Dour 
 Dr. Bahija Jallal and Ronald Herbst 
 Bill Weir and Matthew Hiltzik 
 Leslie Dahl and Bob Dahl 
 Robert Posner, Yumiko Honda, Dr. Connie Gee, and Dr. Fred Alt 
 Dr. Bijan Safai and Vera Safai 
 Sheng Dong Ke, Denise Upton, and Li Pang 
 Mark Koch and Michael Mavroudis 
 Robert Karasik, Christina Brown, Alexis Covey, and Brett Lindsey 
 Abdi Mohammadi and Dee Ali 
 Corrie Painter and Yvonne Mburu 
 Dr. Liron David and Qi Qiao 
 Carolyn Sun, Dr. Joseph Sun, Erika Pierce, Jeff Rathmell, and Jenny Karo 
 Shan Grant and Renee Grant 
 Tom Mandell, Andy Mandell, Toby Meshberg, and Emil Meshberg 
 Dr. Agne Petrosiute and Dr. Alex Huang 
 Josh Rubinowitz and Emily Rubinowitz 
 Christine Fitzgibbons and John Fitzgibbons 
 Sei Long, Lang Siew Yeap, Hye Suk, and Dr. Fred Alt 
 Zo Massidas and Alfred Massidas 
 Kevin Lankes and Maeve Montalvo 
 Christine Sable, Steve Geisenberger, Justin Geisenberger, and Nicole Geisenberger 
 John Stagg and Alex Muldey 
 Chiselle Negron, Qing Zhang, Davey Sharma, Rupinda Kaur, Shan Grant, and Emily Livingston 
 Dr. James Allison and Dr. Glenn Dranoff 
 Johnnyswim
 Angela Romualdez (BAC Individual Relations), Susan Nelly, Justin Wood, Karyn Manocchia (BAC Special Events), Will Maitland Weiss (BAC VP of Development), and Fred Clark 
 Popcorn Sisters Katie and Molly Emerson 
 BAC VP of Development Will Maitland Weiss
 Karen McCarty (BAC Creative Director) and Kim Winslow 
 Wally Findlay Galleries VP and International Director Stephanie Borynack Clark, Donald Rubin, BAC Board Vice Chairman Mary Jane Brock and Geordie Hebard 
 Charles Brock and Mary Jane Brock 
 Geri Berman and Ashton Clay
 Adrianna Harriman and Elias Barreto
 Michael-Ann Rowe can't wait until October 22nd 
The scene at The Boys' Club of New York's 65th Annual Fall Gala at The Pierre Hotel.
Celia Kritharioti Haute Couture
 Avery Fisher Hall on opening night 
 Music Director Alan Gilbert leads the Philharmonic and Yo-Yo Ma 
 Performance shot of Golijov's Azul 
 Agnes Hsu-Tang and Oscar Tang 
 Carol Lowenthal 
 Concertmaster Glenn Dicterow, Yo-Yo Ma, and Agnes Hsu-Tang 
 Curtis and Diane Arledge, Rachel Robinson, Christina and Joe Torre, and Della Britton Baeza 
 Alec and Hilaria Baldwin 
 Gala Co-Chairs Bobby and Phoebe Tudor, Noreen and Ken Buckfire, and Gabriela and Antonio Quintella 
 Gala Co-Chairs Noreen and Ken Buckfire with Yo-Yo Ma 
 Gala Co-Chairs Noreen Buckfire and Antonio and Gabriela Quintella 
 J. Christopher and Anne Flowers 
 Jill Horner, Yo-Yo Ma, Executive Director Matthew VanBesien, and Rosie Jowitt 
 Joshua Bell and Larisa Martinez 
 Lawrence Otis Graham, Pamela Thomas-Graham, and Gary Parr 
 Linda Johnson, Leonard Lauder, designer  Neri Oxman, and composer Osvaldo Golijov 
 Klara and Larry Silverstein 
 Michael Nelson, Phoebe and Bobby Tudor 
 Muna Rihani, Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser, Rosie Jowitt 
 Music Director Alan Gilbert and Gala Co-Chair Antonio Quintella 
 Music Director Alan Gilbert, Kajsa William-Olsson, Chairman Gary Parr, Oscar Schafer 
 Music Director Alan Gilbet and Karen LeFrak 
 Steven Heyer, Lauren Buccellati, and Peter May 
 Yo-Yo Ma with Didi and Oscar Schafer 
 Yo-Yo Ma, Kajsa William-Olsson, Music Director Alan Gilbert, and Joshua Bell 
 Ana L. Oliveira, Chhaya Chhoum, Carol Robles-Roman, Victoria Sammartino, Anne E. Delaney, and Maricelis Zucco 
 Sigfrido Rivera, Tracy, Ana A. Oliveira, Anne E. Delaney, Jack Rainey, and Patrick Carroll 
 Rachel, Guest, Victoria Sammartino, Franklin Montenegro, and Candice Iloh 
 Alicia French, LaQuana Cruz, Ana L. Oliveira, Anne E. Delaney, and Beatrice Shafidiya 
 Holly Block and Anne E. Delaney 
 Maricelis Zucco and Marjorie A. Cadogan 
 Tonya Gayle and Ana A. Oliveira 
 Catarina Dos Santos, Ana A. Oliveira, and Annette A. Aguilar 
 Annette A. Aguilar 
 Sheri Sandler and Yvonne Moore 
 Myra Leigh Tobin and Madeline Lamour Holder 
 Camille Emeagwali and Rosemarie Savino 
 Roger Nieves
            and friends
 Stephen Green, Allison, Don Savelson, and Lynn Pono 
 Jackie Weld Drake, Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia, and Enrica Arengi Bentivoglio 
 The luncheon table set for 19
 Gabriel Rivera-Barraza, Jackie Weld Drake, Samantha Thomson, and Jana Pasquel de Shapiro 
 Christopher Trump and Elizabeth Jacoby 
 Alexandra Bonetti Perez, Jana Pasquel de Shapiro, Jackie Weld Drake, Elizabeth Jacoby, Florence Peyrelongue, Berry Bloomingdale, and Samantha Thomson 
 Florence Peyrelongue, Alexandra Bonetti Perez, and Berry Bloomingdale 
Lynne Wheat and her daughter Olivia hosted a  luncheon and fashion show in her garden  to benefit the Greenwich YWCA. 
The crowd in the plaza on opening night
 Peter Gelb and Keri-Lynn Wilson 
 Kasia Beczala and Piotr Beczala 
 Sophie Sumner 
 Dori Cooperman and Inga Rubenstein 
 Margarita Levieva 
 Patti Smith 
 Mary Alice Stephenson and Charles Schwartz 
 Amy Sacco 
 Julie Koch and David Koch 
 Barry Diller 
 Tarra Bandet 
 Giovanna Randall and Julie Macklowe 
 David Cohen and Dana Delany 
 Grant Hill and Tamia Hill 
 Gillian Miniter 
 Marta Domingo and Placido Domingo 
Matko Tomicic and Vincent Covello
Elizabeth Lear
Scot Medbury, Antonia Adzio, Todd Forrest, and Bill Thomas
The luncheon guests
Alejandro Saralegui and Edwina von Gal
Ruth Appelhof, Nina Gillman, and Dianne B.
Lindsey Taylro and  Dennis Schrader
 Olivia Wheat and Daria de Koning 
 Patricia Toogood and Heather Jervis 
 Emma Pennington, Lynne Wheat, and Adriann Singer 
 Mairead O'Sullivan, Myrna Haft, and Sharon Phillips 
 Tiffany Burnette, Lynne Wheat, and Patty Murphy 
  Adriann Singer with a friend
 Charlotte Minor, Mary Pedersen, Lynne Wheat, Suzanne Frank, and Rosemary Ferrer 
 Daniel Lust, Paige Pedersen, and Rebecca Kirhoffer 
 Audrey Charlson, Linda Avgerinos, and Westy Leconey 
 Regina Olmstead and Lisa Fischer 
 Kathryn Austin 
 Debbie Brennemen and Daria de Koning 
 Dancia Rose 
 Karen Misisca and Bonnie Levison 
 Hilary Haroche, Tiffany Burnette, and Carmina Roth 
 Laura Roosevelt, Hilary Karst, and Patiricia Toogood 
 Aundrea Amine, Mary Jo Riddle, and Maris Pascal 
 Sharon Phillips and Beth Greene 
Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda, Baldwin Spencer, with Hedy Klineman
Nicole Noonan and Steven Knobel
Josina Machel, Naomi Campbell, Zindzi Mandela, and Yvonne Chaka Chaka
Cassandra Seidenfeld
Consuelo Vanderbilt Constin
 Dinner on the promenade of the David. H. Koch Theater celebrating New York City Ballet's 2013 Fall Gala.
 Natalie Portman and Benjamin Millepied 
 Natalie Portman and Benjamin Millepied 
 Prabal Gurung, Sarah Jessica Parker, and Olivier Theyskens 
 Olivia Flatto 
 Natalie Portman 
 Eli Mizrahi and Selita Ebanks 
 Dr. Lisa Airan 
 Jane Scott Hodges and Charlotte Moss 
 Mikhail Baryshnikov and Anna Netrebko 
 Frederique van der Wal and Hunter Hil 
 Cynthia Rowley and Allison Sarofim 
 Prabal Gurung, Justin Peck, Iris van Herpen, Sarah Jessica Parker Anjelin Preljocal, Olivier Theyskens, Benjamin Millepied, and Peter Martins 
 Ron Beck, Cynthia Beck, Darren Walker, Sarah Jessica Parker, John Striker, and Slobodan Randjelovic 
 Clelia Zacharias, Wilbur Ross, and Liz Peek 
 Julia Koch, Carlos Souza, and Martha Stewart 
 Sara Ayres
 Carmen Dell'Orefice and John Heineman 
 Liz Peek and Yaz Hernandez 
 Kristen Kennedy Clark, Marc Happel, and Sara Mearns 
 Benjamin Millepied and Anne Bass 
 Olivier Theyskens, Kyle Hotchkiss Carone, and Aimee Mullins 
 Barbara  and John Vogelstein 
 Jean Shafiroff and Lucia Hwong Gordon 
 Tom Ellis and Benan Ellis 
 Bronson van Wyck, Julia Koch, Peggy Siegal, and Brad Comisar 
 Anthony Yurgailis, Amanda Ross, and Mazdack Rassi 
 Daniel Capps, Lisa Genova, and Billy Wright 
 Rupert Friend and Aimee Mullins 
 Coleman 
 Orlando Bloom and Condola Rashad 
 Eric Loscheider, Maurice Jones, and Joe Carroll 
 Tracy Sallows 
 Chuck Cooper 
 Jayne Houdyshell 
 Sawyer Avery, Leah Lane, Stewart Lane, and Bonnie Comley 
 Nance Williamson 
 David Leveaux 
 Carolyn Michelle Smith 
 David Leveaux and Constantine Maroulis 
 Stewart Lane, Steven Byrd, Debra Martin Chase, and Charles Randolph Wright 
 Harvey Fierstein 
 Julia Sheffield, Debra Cox, Marvette Britto, Alia Jones-Harvey, Corey Hawkins, and Jay Manuel 
 Lupit Nyong'o 
 Tanya Lee 
 Deborah Roker, Laila Roker, and Al Roker 
 Mamie Gummer 
Gala Chairs at the New Yorkers For Children 2013 Fall Gala at Cipriani 42nd Street.
 Hugh Jackman, Deborra Lee Furness, Nicholas Scoppetta, and Susan Magazine 
 Sylvester Miniter, Gillian Miniter, Alexandra Lebenthal, and Jay Diamond 
 Juliie Macklowe 
 Chiu Ti Jansen 
 Lauren Remington Platt 
 Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos and Rachel Becker 
 Nadya Nepomnyashaya 
 Enrica Arengi and Marissa Noel Brown 
 Kelly  and Jay Sugarman 
 Gayle King, Kevin Liles, and Erika Liles 
Tom and Susan Gilroy.
 Stephanie La Cava 
 Chiu Ti Jansen 
 Henry Cornell and Vanessa Cornell 
 Beth DeWoody 
 Morgan Hutchinson and Brett Hutchinson 
 Stacey Engman 
 Elizabeth Scokin 
 Lauran Tuck and Justin Tuck 
 Chele Chiavacci and Susan Shin 
Opening night party at the Museum of the City of New York for Picturing Central Park: Paintings by Janet Ruttenberg.
 Lindsay Haas, Britney Schwartz, John Karangis, and Camilla Abder 
 Sarah McGee, Mary Beth Adelson, and Stacey Kidd 
 Jenny Price, Todd Henderson, Shannon Henderson, and Angela Clofine 
 David Glaymon, Libby Goldring, Kathleen Glaymon, and Daniel Goldring 
 Ethan Rigel, Samantha Taylor, and Alex Juricev 
 Sherri D'Orlando, Jordana Newler, and Laurie Shevland 
 Laura Stolzenthaler and Renee Ring 
 Jordana Newler, Liz Behnam, Rachel Noel, Michelle Petrone, and Tiffany Jacobson 
 Angela Clofine and Michael Clofine 
 Christine Tracey and Kevin Gallagher 
 Genevieve Irwin, Damjan Korac, Eliza Chang, Shu Haur Tang, and Anna Gribovsky 
 Don Mullen and Nisha Warfield 
 Dana Schiff, Anne Hale, Arturo Martin, and Hannah Lopez 
 TC McCarthy and Asta Sivgas 
 Katie Dohlan, Gary Walls, Linda Seaver, and Linda Walls 
 Janet Smith and Jeff Smith 
 Lizzy Florent, David Florent, and Jean van Balen 
 Sue Irwin and Genevieve Irwin 
 Shannon Henderson, Arturo Martin, Hannah Lopez, and Todd Henderson 
 John Irwin and Linden Wise 
 Bill Gaske, Evelyn Yange, Marion Whitman, Sara Gillman, and David Marchione 
 Christie Burkart, Tiffany Jacobson, Liz Benham, and Michelle Petrone 
 James Strauchen and Vivian Strauchen 
 Mark Badgley, Kate Mara, Carly Rae Jepsen, Petra Nemacova, Jamie Chung, and James Mischka 
CeCe Cord and Mai Hallingby Harrison
 Jennifer Creel 
 Mark Badgley, Caryn Zucker, Julia Koch, and James Mischka 
 Sutton Stracke 
 Angeline and Fe Fendi 
 Muffie Potter Aston, Caryn Zucker, and Ghislane Maxwell 
 Mia Paterson and Andrea Karambelas 
 Chiu Ti Jansen 
 Patty Raynes 
 Jamie Korey, Nathalie Kaplan, Gillian Hearst- Simmonds, and Marie-Noelle Pierce 
 Judy Licht and Milly de Cabrol 
 Cornelia Guest and Lady Liliana Cavendish 
 Gigi Grimstad, Caroline Berthet, Nathalie Kaplan, and Alexandra Lind Rose 
 Mark Gilbertson, Helene Comfort, and Mark Badgley 
Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Janet Ruttenberg
Douglas Blonsky
Susan Henshaw Jones
 Oscar de la Renta and Janet Ruttenberg
On the promendae of the  David H. Koch Theater for the Couture Council of The Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology's benefit luncheon.
 Kamie Lightburn and Jieun Wax 
 Hilary Swank and Michael Kors 
 Alexandra Lebenthal, Yaz Hernandez, Fe Fendi, Eleanora Kennedy, and Liz Peek 
 Kamie Lightburn, Diana Taylor, Liz Peek, and Yaz Hernandez 
 Alexandra Richards and Patti Hansen 
 Chanel Iman 
 Kim Nguyen, Hilary Swank, Michael Kors, and Anna Wintour 
 Eleanora Kennedy and Michael Kors 
 Michele Gerber Klein 
 Jean Shafiroff and Michael Kors 
 Liz Peek, Jieun Wax, Michael Kors, Dr. Joyce Brown, Kamie Lightburn, and Dr. Valerie Steele 
 (center) Anna Kennedy, and Melissa Berkelhammer 
 Iman, Michael Kors, and Patti Hansen 
 Iris Apfel 
 Joanna Coles and Leonard Lauder 
 Carol Mack and Hamish Bowles 
 Elizabeth Musmanno 
 Natalie Morales and Josie Natori 
 Simon Doonan and Dr. Valerie Steele 
 Stefano Tonchi, Yaz Hernandez, and Simon Doonan 
 Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, Jamee Gregory, Karen LeFrak, and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Kamie Lightburn, Yaz Hernandez, Hilary Swank, Michael Kors, Alexandra Lebenthal, Jieun Wax, and Dr. Valerie Steele 
 Novak Djokovic and Jelena Ristic 
 Goldie Hawn 
 Randy Jackson 
 Ricky Gervais and Jane Fallon 
 Nigel Curtis and Monica Mitro 
 Meghan Markle 
 Patty Smyth and John McEnroe 
 Alina Baikova 
 Julia Restoin-Roitfeld 
 Nicky Hilton 
 Karolina Kurkova 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen at the  China Beauty Charity Fund's  inaugural China Fashion Night Gala at the Pierre Hotel. 
 Liu Wen 
 Petra Nemcova and Vivienne Tam 
 Trudie Styler and Karolina Kurkova 
 Hunt Slonem and Monique Van Vooren 
 Stacy Engman 
 Julie Macklowe and Danielle Schriffen 
 Shirley Young 
 Terry Culver and Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Dr. Valerie Steele 
 Amy Tan 
 Ban Ki-Moon and Evie Evangelou 
 Bu Juan 
 Ahn Duong and Vivienne Tam 
 Stanley Rumbough, Cole Rumbough, Martha Stewart, and Leah Rumbough 
 Christine Andreas and Cole Rumbough 
 Sharon Bush and Oscar Plotkin 
 Maestro Gerard Schwarz, Jody Schwarz, Bonnie Hunter, and Bynum Hunter 
 Melissa Berkelhammer, Stanley Rumbough, Cornelia Bregman, Cole Rumbough, and Brook Laing 
 Julianne Michelle 
 Randi Schatz and Lisa Konsker 
 Rose Hartman 
 Gregory Speck and Boo Grace 
 Stanley Rumbough, Lauren Mcgowan, and Cornelia Bragman 
 Zita Davisson and Gary Lawrance 
 Cornelia Bregman, Allegra Rumbough, Dina Merrill Hartley,  Anne-Marie Hennekens, and Sally Guido 
 Lizzi Bickford and Trey Sned 
Alan Keeley, Kent Farrington riding Zafira, Juan Carlos Cabelli, and Jennifer Judkins at the 38th Annual Hampton Classic Horse Show
Courtney Caverzasi, Martha Stewart, Priscilla Smith Gremillion, and Kevin Sharkey 
 Valerie Angeli with DaVinci, Candy Udell, Jill Rappaport with 
            with Rubie, and Jennifer Judkins
 Nancy Moon and Katie Couric 
 Longines presenting a check for $5,000 to the ASPCA honoring Jill Rappaport and her work 
 Stuart Match Suna and family 
 Urs Schiendorfer, Laurent Roncalli, and Gilles Robert of Longines
 Brian Lancey, Elizabeth Lancey and Steve Jager 
 Cathy and Leigh Duemler with Jill Rappaport 
 Chrystine Tauber, President of the US Equestrian Association, Jill Rappaport, and friend
 Valerie Cox, Wendy Wegner, Susan Holtz, and Valerie Angeli 
 Debra Halpert and Candy Udell 
 Jewel Morris and Susan Saiter Sullivan 
 Jill Rappaport and Shanette Barth Cohen, Exec. Dir. pf the Hampton Classic 
 Juan-Carlos Capelli, VP International Marketing Longines with Mark Udell of London Jewelers 
 Kathy Rae Moley and Stephen Hayduk 
 Holding a place at the table
 Luncheon guests 
 Surprise gift from Longines
 The scene at  Ann Madonia Antiques
 Gary Lawrance with Sue and Ann Madonia 
 John Wanamaker-Leas's Family Home was in the book 
 Zita Davisson, Gary  Lawrance, and Fred Pignataro 
 Sandra Walser 
 Sophy Haynes with Gary's  replica of her Family Home "Keewaydin" 
 Raul Montes de Oca, Lucy Puig, and Jose Pincay 
 Esther Paster was thrilled to have her copy signed 
 Pandora Biddle, Gary Lawrance, and Caroline Nation 
 Blake Valentina Lander, Gina Lander, and Marybeth Corazzini 
 Jean Shafiroff, Gary Lawrance, and Rose Hartman 
 Ann Madonia, Cynthia Eden, Gary Lawrance, and Suzette Smith whose Home "Villa Mille Fiori" is in the book. Her Family called it "The Villa". 
 Gary with Donna and Dick Soloway 
 Cara Moxley and Joan Navin 
 BAC Co-Founder Michael Christensen clowns around with BAC Artistic Director Guillaume Dufresnoy 
 Host Charles Brock with BAC Board Chairman Rick Mayberry 
 Doria and Philippe De La Chapelle 
 Hostess (and BAC Board Vice Chairman) Mary Jane Brock with Guillaume Dufresnoy 
 Bruce Cohen, Nancy Kalow and Barbara Slifka 
 The Leveys
 Jim Lawson, Anne Ekstrom, Concepta McSeain and Ted Hartley 
 The Drukers and the Brocks 
 Richard Barons and family 
 The Weisses: Lauren Thayer, Georgia, Elliot, and Lillie 
 A hole in one! 
 Volunteer Russell Byrnes didn't know he had so much red string in his ear 
 The BAC acrobats demonstrated their amazing skill 
The scene at Rydell High School Sock Hop benefitting the Prostate Cancer Foundation  at East Hampton Studio in Wainscott.
 Julie Welles takes a jump 
 The Lanes 
 Leah Lane 
 Jon Heinemann and Michelle-Marie Heinemann 
 Laura Romano, Melissa Principe, Judy Malone, and Sue Caldon 
 Jill Rappaport 
 Sofia D'Angelo 
 Michael Braverman and Judy Malone 
 Amanda Riegel, Richard Riegel, and Allison Toffolon 
 Jim Velez, Bridgett Marks, and Charles Ferrara 
 Larry Wohl and Leesa Rowland 
 Lucas Rector and mom Kelly Klein 
 Chris Robbins and Ken Wolffe 
 Peter Cook 
 Jessica Vishnick, Justin Vishnick, Matthew Vishnick and Ethan Vishnick 
 Mary Stevenson 
 Dr. Gerry Curatola and daughter Gia Curatola 
 Georgina Bloomberg and Jill Rappaport 
 Dennis Susskind takes Governor Andrew Cuomo on a tour of the Hampton Classic Horseshow 
 Kat Thompson and Annika Connor 
 Patrick McMullan and Liam McMullan 
 Natalia Hudziak, Ari Smith, Hugh Ashcraft, Sophie Cooper, Chris O'Sullivan, and Alexa Johns 
 Robin Byrd and Stacy Engman 
 Natalia Hudziak, Thomas Cleber, Sophie Cooper, Billy McFarland, and Alexa Johns 
 Andrew Septimus and Elisa Septimus 
 Michael Shnayerson and Gayfryd Steinberg 
 Thomas Kleber, Hubert Sodogandji, Sandro Zwehg, and Henrik Roemhild 
 Margie Beck 
 Hedy Klineman and Sandra Long 
 Hubert Sodogandji and Sandro Zwehg 
 Kat Boe, Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lippe, Billy McFarland, and Arielle Kogut 
 Kat Boe, Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lippe, and Dr. Mark Warfel 
 William Weldon, Ali Clopton, and Tucker Spillane 
 Connor Golden, Kerry Joyce, Joseph Beers, and Brian Guterding 
 Matthew Leeb, Dan Gallagher, Garek James, and Jack Goddu 
 Dio Ganhdih, Elizabeth Alexandra, Jamie McCarthy, Natallia Talmachova, and Angel Idealism 
 Tom Murro and Chris Nirschel 
 Ilias Tsangaris, Scarlett Stack, and Simon Kopec 
 Audra Van Hees 
 Connor Reidy, Brittany Dawson, Jesper Lannung, and Patrick McMullan 
 Indiggo Twins 
 Sean Erickson, Scott Fisher, Antoni Fiumara, and Steven Threet 
 Anna Kulinova 
 Alan Rish, Billy McFarland, Brian Niemietz, and Francesca Vuillemin 
The birthday cake
The birthday boy
 Some last minute advice from mom at the 38th Annual Hampton Classic.
 Dennis Suskind (President of the Hampton Classic) with Governor Cuomo 
 Dennis Suskind, President, Shanette Barth Cohen, Executive Director, and Marty Bauman, Press Officer of the Hampton Classic 
 Governor Cuomo with a New York peach 
 Jayne Silberman with her book In The Herd 
The Call of the Wild
 Range Rovers at the ready
 Juan Carlos-Capelli, Vice President, Longines, Shanette Barth-Cohen, Dennis Suskind, and Marty Bauman 
 Wolffer Estate Vineyards offering their latest selections 
 One of the many boutique displays 
 Saddles for sale 
 Boots, boots, boots 
 Around the rings 
 Hunter Rings
 Signage in stable row 
 Riders up 
 Ready for the course 
 Into the ring
 Leadline (2-4 yr. olds) 
 Braids in the leadline division 
 Leadline in the Grand Prix Ring 
 And the ribbon goes to ...
 Preparing the tables for lunch 
 The scene in the VIP tent 
 VIP tent guests at the lunch buffet 
 The littlest VIP
 First Lady Michelle Obama 
 Ariana Grande 
 Coco Jones 
 "Fifth Harmony", Camila Cabello, Dinah-Jane Hansen, Ally Brooke, Normani Hamilton, Lauren Jauregui 
 "Fifth Harmony", Camila Cabello, Dinah-Jane Hansen, Ally Brooke, Normani Hamilton, Lauren Jauregui 
 "The Wanted" 
 "Lawson", Andy Brown, Ryan Fletcher, Joel Peat, Adam Pitts 
 David Wagner 
 Marcus Samuelsson 
 Venus Williams 
 James Blake 
 Olivia Culpo 
 Janko Tipseravic 
 Marcus Samuelsson, Venus Williams, and Serena Williams 
 Ana Ivanovic 
 Donna Vekiz 
 Agnieszka Radwanska 
 Harold Dieterle 
 Victoria Azarenka 
 Floyd Cardoz 
 Gabrielle Reece and Laird Hamilton 
 Beata Sadurski 
 Edie Falco and Myra Biblowit 
 Juris Kupris and Beata Sadurski 
 Juris Kupris and Laird Hamilton 
 Gabrielle Reece cheering on her husband
 Laird Hamilton in the water 
 Myra Biblowit and Edie Falco BCRF towel 
 Juris Kupris 
 Edie Falco
 Maria Baum, Lisa Perry, Gabrielle Reece, Thom Filicia, and Lisa Klein 
 Gabrielle Reece, Laird Hamilton, and Maria and Larry Baum 
 Richard and Lisa Perry 
 Brendan Fallis and Hannah Bronfman 
 Darcy Miller Nussbaum, Martha Stewart, and Myra Biblowit 
 Laird Hamilton, Gabrielle Reece, and Richard and Lisa Perry 
 Lauer, Karan, Reece, and Hamilton 
 Hilary Rhoda 
 Donna Karan, Thom Filicia, and Martha Stewart 
 Martha Stewart signature 
 Models in LEVIEV diamonds and Lisa Perry dressed with LISA PERRY 
 Aerin Lauder 
 Tomek Sadurski, Beata Sadurski, Juris Kupris and Clarissa Kupris 
 William Lauder, Lisa Pevaroff-Cohn, and Gary Cohn 
 Myra Biblowit 
 Brendan Fallis 
 Brendan Fallis up close
 The Artists 
 Writers huddle
 Caution: Press Check-In 
 The President arrives and everybody wants a picture 
 President Clinton makes an appearance
 President Clinton and Commissioner Kelly 
 Bill Clinton signing autographs 
 Artist Ed Hollander, with writers Ken Auletta and  sports broadcaster,  Ann Ligouri 
 Strategizing before the game
 Ray Kelly and Matt Lauer during the National Anthem 
 Carl Bernstein at the bat 
 Jay Mcinerney catching
 Artist, Eric Ernst at bat 
 Mort Zuckerman pitching and Matt Lauer umping 
 Walter Isaacson
 Writers Mike Lupics and Ken Auletta (Captain of the writers team)
 Former NY Yankee, Jim Leyritz 
 James Lipton in the announcers booth... 
 1010 WINS broadcaster Juliet Papa with WPPB broadcaster Bonnie Grice 
 Actor, Bob Balaban came to support the artists 
 Matt Lauer helping out some friends
 Matt Lauer with Dan Rattiner 
 Mike Lupica conferring with Leif Hope 
 Mort Zuckerman, Lori Singer, and Carl Bernstein 
 Ray Kelly, Juliet Papa, and Mike Lupica 
 The President leaves the field
 Living Statues dressed as Venetian Courtiers 
 Alice Ross with Duncan and Barbara Chapman 
 Patti Bigrig and Peter Dickison 
 Katherine Deconti and Elijah Duckworth Schachter 
 Dale Mercer, Tinsley Mortimer, and Dabney Mortimer 
 Kate Nesbitt, Ian Nesbitt, and Leslie Grosvenor 
 Hugh and Daisy Chisholm 
 Alexis Frankian and Jake Hossfeld 
 Karl and Teryn Weintz, Jody and Erik Saarmaa, Lisa and Ron Oliver, and Elysia and William Pearce 
 Robert and Patricia Bain with Steve and Katelyn Silver 
 Olivia and John Beckwith-Smith with Elizabeth and Richard Miller 
 Peter and Joanna de Neufville 
 Sandra Whitehouse, Susan Stautberg, and Peter and Eaddo Kiernan 
 Janine, Mary and James Atamian, and Rachel and Steve Garcia 
 Brian and Pamela Owens 
 Josh Janson and Amanda Grosvenor 
 Alison Devenny and Edward Berwind Stautberg 
 Brooke Blake, Will Leatherman , and Olivia Donatelli 
 Mrs. Robert Grace and Robin Warren 
 Patrick Wood Prince, Gillian and Alger Boyer, Meredith Wood Prince, and Leslie and Andrew Heaney 
 Paul Szapary, Diana Sylvaria, Mikki Micarelli, Mike and Barbara Caldwell, and John Sawicki 
 George Moss, Pamela O'Connor, and Earl McMillen 
 Molly Whitehouse and Charlotte Hamilton 
 Alice Ross, Nickolos Manice, and Harling Ross 
 Olivia Donatelli, Will Hubbard, Claudia Taselaar, Will Leatherman, and Brooke Blake 
 Alex Papchristidis and Brian J. McCarthy with friends 
 Arie L. and Coco Kopelman 
 Suzy and Jack Welch 
 Ann Quick 
 Arianne Berger, Marla Sanford, Michael Lorber, and Holly Finigan 
 Bonny Sacerdote 
 Carolyn MacKenzie, Jean Doyen de Montaillou, and Jane Poole 
 Janet and Rick Sherlund 
 Jean Doyen de Montaillou and Michael Kovner 
 Jean Doyen de Montaillou, Meridith Townsend Marshall, and Michael Kovner 
 Marilyn Whitney and Jean Doyen de Montaillou 
 Mary and Marvin Davidson 
 Michael Kovner and Daisy Soros 
 Michael Lorber and Jean Doyen de Montaillou 
 Nan and Chuck Geschke 
 Pamela Thomas, Max Berry, and Franci Crane 
 Nicole Limbocker and Polly Espy 
 Peter Nash, Peggy and Bill Tramposch, Elizabeth and Geoff Verney, and Westy Saltonstall 
 Joyce DiDonato and Lawrence Brownlee 
 The Pink Flamingos 
 Susan and Alfred Chandler 
 Anna Cypher and Rene Barbera 
 Ashlyn and Dan Perry 
 Bill Burden and Mary Poole 
 Audna England and Bill Tanzi  with Catherine Michaelson and Helena Park 
 Charles MacKay and Robert Meya 
 Barbara and Chuck Moore with Korin and Kevin Fishman 
 David Daniels and Scott Walters 
 David, Mary Beth, and Daniel Kenny with Whitney Webster 
 Anya Matanovic 
 Douglas Thomas 
 Donna Kendall 
 Heidi Stober and Simon Pauly 
 Stephen Lister,  Nedra Matteucci, and Joseph Finnegan 
 Jody Gilmore and Walt Kirchner 
 Kevin and Natalia Burdette 
 Lee Ann Dunn and Michael Keehner 
 Fred Haas, Joyce DiDonato, and Lawrence Brownlee 
 Michael Petonic and Veronica Watson 
 David Devan, Daniel Meyer, David Dubbeldam, Fred Haas, and Jonathan Blalock 
 Paul Appleby and Jacqueline Schmidt 
 Peter and Joanna and Blake and John Townsend 
 Ron and Susie Dubin 
 Bailey House Board Chair Thomas Farrell, Event Chair Chris Rizzo, and Richard Udice 
 Teddy Tanksley, Alan Tanksley, and Bailey House CEO Gina Quattrochi 
 Christian Knaust and Carmen Marc Valvo 
 Cathy Campbell and Sheila Johnson 
 Jason Rand and Alexandra Loew 
 Lee Harris 
 Michelle Kritzer 
 Sean Noonan and George Eleazer 
 Alan Tanksley, Terry Sadoff, and Elizabeth Sadoff 
 Ann Ciardullo and Richard Udice 
 Bailey House board member Deb Gordon, Kathy Farrell, and Board Chair Thomas Farrell 
 CEO Gina Quattrochi with Board Chair Thomas Farrell in the background announces the raffle 
 Event Chair Chris Rizzo addresses the crowd - board chair Thomas farrell in background 
 Jane and Tom Otis (Standing) speak to Marie and Ray Kamineck (seated left) and Teddy Tanksley (seated right) 
 Jane Otis and Louise Smith 
 John Eason 
 Hilaria and Alec Baldwin 
 Founding Chair and Author Barbara Goldsmith and Clive Davis 
 Nelson DeMille with his latest, The Panther 
 Gwyneth Paltrow 
 Gwyneth Paltrow 
 Eric Fischl, Bad Boy
 Robert Caro, Lyndon Johnson, Path to Power 
 Barbara Hoffman and Katherine Holabird, authors and their books 
 Author Dava Sobel with Barbara Goldsmith 
 Barbara Jude Frerichs, What My Dog Has Taught Me About Men
 Frank Savage, The Savage Way
 Chris Martin chatting with author Mickey Paraskevas 
 Author, Author... 
 Clive Davis signing The Soundtrack of My Life 
 Dr. Ruth
 Faye de Muyshondt, Socialsklz
 Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly 
 Jeffrey Lyons, Stories My Father Told Me
 Jennifer Nicole Lee and her books 
 Katie Beers, Buried Memories 
 Kelly Killoren Bensimon
 Kittey Kelley and a fan ...
 Kitty Kelley, Capturing Camelot 
 Lawrence Schiller, Marilyn and Me
 Lidia Bastianich 
 Lynn Sherr, Swim, why we love the Water
 Marcus Samuelsson, Yes, Chef, with Nile Rodgers, Le Freak
 Mary Beth Keane, Fever 
 Susan Isaacs, Goldberg Variations 
 Armfuls of books ...
 Ron Juvonen, Kirk Henckels, Densey Juvonen, Boyd Martin on Pancho Villa, Tony Cutugno, Fernanda Kellogg, and Emily Hottensen at Fitch's Corner Horse Trials.
 Kirk presenting his gift to Fernanda 
 Collector Car Parade 
 Felie Thorne 
 Alexandra and Elizabeth Barnes-Schwartz 
 Sam Allen, Meredith Travers, and Chris Spitzmiller 
 Chrissie Gaffney and Jennifer Oken 
 Charlie Merison, Lexi Merison, and Regan Haas 
 Colleen and DeForest Howland 
Champagne Paul Goerg at the Sunday Spectator Luncheon
 Deborah Montgomery 
 Patty Hambrecht, Karen LaGatta, Molly Schaefer, Jack Lynch, and Buster Brown 
 Irina Erickson 
 Jim Zirin and Marlene Hess 
 Jim Erwin, Diana Niles King, and Eric Hill 
 Kirk Henckels with Chris, Sarah, and Katherine Mann 
 John and Karen Klopp 
 Libet Johnson and Cece Cord 
 Katherine Dunlop 
 The McLaughlins  with Jack Lynch 
 Marion deVogel and Nina Reeves 
 Peter Kross, Maryann Hegel, and Bill Hamilton 
 Parker Thorne 
 Perrin Martin and David Theiringer 
 Norm Brousseau 
 Parasols from Joyaux Marisol 
 Fitch's Market  had 50 shops to choose from
 Allen Blagden 
J. McLaughlin swag bags
 Yoan Capote 
 Emily Ondracek-Peterson and Jack Lenor Larsen 
 Asia Dyrkacz and Rolf Heitmeyer 
 Larry  and Joshua Warsh 
 Matko Tomicic, Angela Firestone, and Eric Firestone 
 Fiona Moore and Declan Slonim 
 Peter Olsen, Jack Lenor Larsen, Emily Ondracek-Peterson, Eril Peterson, Galina Zhdanova, Ralph Pucci, Dianne B, and Adrien Daurov 
 Leah Fischman and Anna Pizarro 
 Luly Duke 
UJA-Federation of New York's Hamptons Trunk Show chairs Jamie Mitchell, Harriet Croman, Ramy Sharp, Sara Pilot, Jennifer Gardner Trulson, Jill Bikoff, and Debbie Wilpon
Jennifer Gilbert and Dina Manzo
Ramy Sharp
Ramy Sharp with UJA-Federation of New York Hamptons Trunk Show vendors
UJA-Federation of New York's Hamptons Trunk Show shoppers ...
 Amanda Seyfriend, Jack Seyfried, and Ann Seyfried 
 Sharon Stone and Gloria Steinem 
 Brian Gattas 
 Zac Posen and Zachary Quinto 
 Sophie Sumner 
 Chris Noth and Tara Wilson 
 Genevieve Jones and Estelle 
 Jessica Smith and Haleigh Breest 
 Sophia Coullas and Serena Bancroft 
 Tyson Ballou 
 Marina Kanes and Dianne Vavra 
 Gregg Bello and Valerie Gillotis 
 Komen Greater NYC's Young Professionals Committee's Pink Rocks the Rock.
 Peach Daiquiris
 Oysters on the half
 Basil Panna Cotta with heirloom tomatoes and crisp pannacotta 
 Smoked Duck Loin with tomato confit and pickled watermelon from Stone Creek Inn 
 Beet Risotto with goat cheese presented by Topping Rose House 
 Delectable desserts
 Alec and Hilaria Baldwin 
 Toni Ross 
 Butch and Marjorie Robbins and Pat Mann 
 Chef Jason Weiner from Almond Restaurant Bridgehampton with his Corn Vichyssoise with Basil Marinated Tomatoes 
 Chef Joseph Realmuto and Pastry Chef Jessica Craig, Nick & Toni's Restaurant 
 Chef Josh Capon from Lure Fishbar 
 Chef Ty Kotz, Topping Rose House 
  Tom Colicchio and Lori Silverbush 
 Chefs Eric Ripert and Tom Colicchio 
 Chef Bryan Futerman, Foodys Restaurant 
 Filmmaker and Director Barry Sonnenfeld enjoyed sampling the goodies 
 Gus Majid and Nahill Younis 
 Restauranteur Drew Nieporent 
 Tony and Betty Ann Catanzaro, John Migotsky, and Debra Halpert
 Samantha Yanks with Avery Rudin and Sadie Yanks 
 Sharon Friedland and Pamela Morgan 
 Steve Haweeli and Brian Halweil 
 Susan Lazarus and Dan Rizzie 
 Lily and the Parlor Tricks provided the music
 Aslihan Sabanci 
 Analisse Taft and Katharina Plath 
 Amy Lau and Aslihan Sabanci 
 Christina Lee and Angela Lee 
 Guillaume Gentet and Suny Kaltenhausser 
 Aamir Khandwala and Atif Toor 
 Eugenia Santiesteban-Soto and Lyndsey Natale 
 Katharina Plath, George Kakaty, Aslihan Sabanci, Corinne Oats, and Chardonnay Pickard 
 George Kakaty and Denise Silverberg 
 Katharina Plath, Prune, Aslihan Sabanci, Olivier Nourry, and Lauren Sweder 
 Eugenia Santiesteban-Soto, Katharina Plath, and Lyndsey Natale 
 Aslihan Sabanci, Jay Cheshes, and Baroness Sheri de Borchgrave 
 Rhonda Cole and Gail Ahye 
 Komen Greater NYC's Young Professionals Committee's Pink Rocks the Rock 
 YPC Exec Committee member and event hostess Dawn Reinholtz, Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi, and YPC Chair Sandra Kozlowski 
 YPC Executive Committee John Petzold, Pablo Ogarrio, Chair Sandra Kozlowski, Steve Simmons, Dawn Reinholtz, and Robert Waldele 
 YPC member Evan Kaufman and friend 
 Sandra Kozlowski, Michelle Duncan,  and YPC Exec Committee members Dawn Reinhotz and Nicole Sebastian 
 Devon Ott with Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi 
 Dancing to DJ Jason Fioto 
 Dick Traum, Lauren LoGiudice, Ryan Asselta, Scott Gellerstein, Maysoon Zayid, Edward Matthews, and John Lombardo 
 Ryan Asselta, John Lombardo, and Alan Kalter 
 Patrick Yu and Lauren LoGiudice 
 Mary Bryant and Dick Traum 
 Michael Simonson and Vinnie DiCalogero 
 Pat Roddy and Bob Giunco 
 Bill Kenney, Dahlian Porter, Alan Bonistall, and Jeff Castaldo 
 Jack McGowan, Ken Rosenberg, Ken Carmel, and Rich Loughlin 
 Rob Cardone, Harry McCabe, Ken Barrett, and John Coppeto 
 Sheldon Hirshon, Max Bressman, and Scott Rutsky 
 Spencer Goldstein, Jason Carlough, and Bill Schories 
 Tom Kehoe, Judie Taylor, Sarah Higgins, and Tim Callahan 
 Paul Corley and Jon Epstein 
 Chris Laul, Linda Laul, and Ryan Laul 
 Pierre Le Veaux and Ken Auerbach 
 Valentina Fossati PhD, Susan Solomon, and Margo Alexander 
 Scott Noggle, PhD, Donald O. Freytes, PhD, Valentina Fossati, PhD, Dieter Egli, PhD, and Scott Dipnick, PhD 
 Gail Geronemus, Lauren Noggle, and Scott Noggle PhD 
 Jeff Wallerstein, Paul Goldberger, Svetlana Wachtell, Herbert Wachtell, and Dieter Egli, PhD 
 Tina Louise 
 Susan Solomon, Dorothy Frankel, Kathy Bristor, and Margo Alexander 
 Alan Washkowitz, Barbara Washkowitz, Jill Furman, and Roy Furman 
 Alex Goldberger and Carolyna De Laurentiis 
 Stephen Chang, PhD and Tom Twomei 
 Julia Grimes, Valentina Fossati, PhD, and Katama Eastman 
 Victoria Gordon and Scott Lipnick, PhD 
 Christine Lin, Piero Incisa, and Shirley Cook 
 Elizabeth Nash, Tom Nash, Valentina Fossati, PhD, and Piero Incisa 
 Margo Alexander, Susan Solomon, Sue Steinberg, and Ellen Krass 
 Agnes Gund and Thelma Golden 
 Cullen Washington 
 Thelma Goden and David Adjaye 
 Maxine McCrey and Chaka Tonge 
 Rashad Bailey and Donia Allen 
 Becca London and Sophia Popovits 
 Gerald L. Leavell and Ivan Ford 
 Sue Ding and Evi Briggs 
 Ruben Kennedy and Dane Campbell 
 Clifford Temple 
 Ryan Lee, Timothy Stockton, and Cheryl R. Riley 
 Rashad Bailey and Samantha Osborne 
 Henry Cruz, Kenrick Shere, and Timothy Stockton 
 Felicia Crabtree and Susan Wright 
 Rafi Crockett 
 Elan Ferguson and Malaika Laga 
 Erin Campbell, Ike Kitman, Robin Cembalest, and Virginia Sanchez 
 Norris Robinson 
The  Pantzer living room.
 Danielle Grant, Cara Klein, Tricia Pantzer, Lisa Barr, Cindy Mark, and Jennifer Harris 
 Jason Pantzer, Jeffrey Fine, Jonathan Henes, Jeffrey Klein, and Matthew Mark 
 Edward Pantzer, Barbara Heyman, and Michael and Ninah Lynne 
 Tricia Pantzer, Wendy Chaikin, and Pamela Henes 
 Cara Klein and Deborah Colacino 
 Jason and Tricia Pantzer with Marcie and Jordan Pantzer 
 Ed Cohen and Mark Cohen 
 Jason and Tricia Pantzer, Jeffrey Siegel, Joan and Edward Cohen 
 Jonathan Morgan and Alexandra Engler 
 William and Wandy Hoh 
 Alexandra Stanton and Domna Stanton 
 Agnes Gund and Dorothy Lichtenstein 
 David Wassong and Cynthia Clift 
 David Maupin and Stefano Tonchi 
 James M. Nederlander and Charlene Nederlander 
 Jill Stuart 
 Marcia Sobel and Jon Sobel 
 Mauro Porcini and Beth Rudin DeWoody 
 Josephine Mecksepper and Cynthia Rowley
 Mel Kendrick and Bryan Hunt 
 Ron Wendt 
 Mildred Brinn and Joe Hughes 
 Randy Kemper and Tony Ingrau 
 Richard Phillips 
 The magnificent view of Long Island Sound 
 Pool House, designed by John Collins 
 The Astons: Muffie, Sherrell, Allison, Sherrell children: Bracie, Ashleigh 
 Dagmar Karppi and Nicole Menchise 
 Franklin Perrell and Kirk Larsen 
 Bracie, Sherrell, and Ashleigh Aston 
 Patricia Sands, Joan Shepard, and Edward Mohlenhoff 
 Bill Jonas 
 Hawley and Janice Vander Poel 
 Jan Pratt 
 Suzi and Dustin Chase 
 Cora and Clarence Michalis 
 Jeffrey Bilhuber and Maria Santoro 
 George Davison, Judy Rivkin, Harriet Gerard Clark, and Emily Gerard 
 Victoria Crosby and Diana Collins 
 Liz and Larry Brown, Fran and Richard Walker 
 Valerie and Brad Aston 
 Russell and Mary Selover 
 Stephen and Cindy Ketchum 
 Susan Peterson 
 Frank Olt, Tess Mullarkey, Susan Slater, and Joyce Bullen Gar 
 Tracy Dellomo and Clifford Packingham 
 Harley (baby), Matt, Brooke, and Wendie Aston 
 John and Theresa Skvarla 
Entering Governor's Island
Jess Martinez


 Marina Blazhko and Julia Mukhina



 Anna Maria and Roxanna Bach


Roxanne Robinson, Conor Feagan, Karen Duffy, Susan Joy, and Myra Magaletta

Alexandra Wynne

 Dan and Dan Weiner


 Dana Marcolina and Ellen Toland

Olivier van Themsche

 Hillary Davis and Meredith Zeitlin


Karen Duffy, Susan Joy, Conor Feagan, and Myra Magaletta

Fête Paradiso
 The dancing begins
The scene from Governor's Island
 Todd  and Lauren Merrill 
 Rose Dios, John Dios, and Sarah Lopez 
 Fred Dorfman, Nelsa Gidney, Jordan Ringel, and Susan Dorfman 
 Grayson Stokeley and Scott Rose 
 Peter Tunney and friends 
 Eduardo and Esther Gaffron 
 Mickey and Paola Schuloff 
 Susan Marlow, Rachel Urban, and Kate Gray 
 Dan Castro, John Thomas, and Nathan Orsman 
 Francine Tint and Evan Morgenstein 
 Christal Cruz, Bonnie Toye, and Teneille Reicher 
 Jean-Marie Haessle, Rich Parante, Ken Kim, Lorilee Bruce, and Angus Bruce 
 Kevin Drake, Chloe Gifkins, and Andy Drake 
 Erin Williams and George Gissing 
 Andrew Tori, Schoolhouse Projects from Brooklyn 
 Zeshan Ahmad, Yulia Barbashova, Lisa Onysko, and Joseph Grazi 
 Frederique Pacgnella, Gregoire Volgelslang, Eve Xanchopuolos, Vanessa Vanderguest, Megan Quinlan, Portia Holt, and Kevin Berlin 
 Dolly Bross Geary and Jack Geary 
 Trevor Jackson, Eric Romano, Bert van Zetten, and Marcel Hausman 
 Cybele Kadagian and Kevin Ochel 
Jean Shafiroff, Nan Potter, Antonia DiPaolo, Leah Rumbough, Allegra Rumbough, Whitney Schott, Christine Schott, and Stephanie Lineva 
Allegra and Leah Rumbough 
Whitney  and Christine Schott 
Lisa Shaller Goldberg, Arlene Shaller, David Shaller, Jake Goldberg, and Scott Goldberg 
Ray Fitzmartin and Gregory D'Elia 
Whitney Schott, Allegra Rumbough, and Stephanie Lineva 
Jean Shafiroff and Sandra McConnell
Nan Potter, Patricia Davis, Leah Rumbough, and Antonia DiPaolo 
Lana Smith, Katia Stotsky, and Polina Proshkina
 Artist/Teacher Miriam "Molly" Dougenis and Dina Merrill 
 Dina Merrill and Ted Hartley 
 Robert and Lynn Hanke 
 Linda Assini and Keith Douglas 
 Aniik Libby and Miriam "Molly" Dougenis
 Gallery Owner Peter Marcelle, Bonnie Lowe, and Ted Hartley 
 Nick and Carol Gillhan 
 Peter Marcelle Gallery Director Catherine McCormick 
 Melissa Berkelhammer, Cole Rumbough, and Anne Washburn 
 Bonnie Lowe and Ann Crabtree 
 Aniik Libby and Mary Libby (Aniik's proud Mom)(Christie's) 
 Lori Schultz and Karyn Mannix 
 Toinette Gay and Tito Saubidet 
 Pam Dana and Bud Hudson 
 Nina Gillman, Lucy Cookson, and Regan Rose 
 Unik Ernest, Bridget Kelly, and Stephen Baldwin 
 Crissy Barker and Nigel Barker 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Lady Liliana Cavendish 
 Susan Gossage, Danny P, and Kamela Forbes 
Wide World of Ferrari cheerleader
 Joel Post, Alix Toub, Philip Tube, and Julian Toub 
 Kim White and Greg D'Elia 
 Kim White, Mayor Mark Epley, Marianne Epley, and Melanie Wambold 
 Robert Hochberg, Jackie Hochberg, and Alexander Hochberg 
 Eric  and Sandra Ripert 
 Mildred Brinn and Kay Gilman 
 Julian Camacho, Pamela Rollins Camacho, and Isabel Camacho 
 Sheila Fuchs, Barbara Smith, and Christl Meszkat 
 Cristina Cuomo and TR Pescod 
 Vittorio Assaf, Lucia Hwong Gordon, Tom Naro, and Charlotte Assaf 
 Silke Kluever, Julian Carballal, Lucas Carballal, and Ralph Carballal 
 Michael and Casey Karsch 
 Nick Korniloff, Pamela Cohen, Michaela Keszler, and Stephan Keszler 
 Cathy Price, Sarah Senbahar, Leila Heller, and Danielle Ganek 
 Cliff Knight and Raya Knight 
 Mayor Mark Epley, Michaela Keszler, and Marianne Epley 
 Chandler Dunning, Bob Jain, and Jason Bunge 
 Andrea Greeven Douzet, Alexandre Douzet, Gigi Douzet, and Gabby Douzet 
 Richard Farley and Chele Chiavacci 
 Cyrus, Majorie Gubelman, David Ganek, Nate Berkus, and Jeremiah Brent 
 Carola Jain and Lucia Hwong Gordon 
Henry Urbach, Director of the Glass House addresses guests
Guests picnicing on the lawn at Glass House
Estevan Rael-Gálvez, Dana Evans, and Christy MacLear
Julia Chiang and KAWS
 Jon Potter, Eric Jones, Sara Dimonekas, James Dimonekas, and Korinne Munson
Scott Drevnig and Jill Greenberg
David White and Anthony Gammardella
 Rina Stone, Linus Stone, and Hazel Stone
Murray Moss and Franklin Getchell
Cameron Mesirow and Tauba Auerbach
Jane Pelley, Scott Pelley, Barry Moze, and Lisa Moze
 Marko Dasigenis, Stover Jenkins, Hilary Lewis, and Alan Ritchie
Sarah Morris and Josephine Meckseper
 Robert Morea, Deanna Morea, and William Sofield
 Kris Togias, Marisa Drew, Chad Hudnut, and Stefan Beckman
Ted Lee, E.V. Day, and Irene Shum Allen
 Josh Guberman, Ryan Ross, Stephanie Hirsch, Tigran Tsitoghdzyan, Morgan Shara, and David Shara 
 Urvi Tejani and Cassandra Seidenfeld 
 Josh Guberman, Nick Nick Korniloff, Pamela Cohen, Morgan Shara, Ryan Ross, and Dara Ross 
 Josh Guberman, Dr. Mathew Kaufman, Morgan Shara, and Ron Burkhardt 
 Nadia Kasakova and Tigran Tsitoghdzyan 
 Cassandra Seidenfeld, Guest, Josh Guberman, Deborah Halpert, Scott Tucker, and Helene Creel 
 Ryan Ross, Samantha Yanks, Stephanie Hirsch, Keith Bloomfield, and Mark Mullett 
 Nick Nick Korniloff, Pamela Cohen, Morgan Shara, Stephanie Hirsch, Tigran Tsitoghdzyan, and Josh Guberman 
 Samantha Yanks and Stephanie Hirsch 
 Clif DeRaita and friend
 Pamela Cohen, Nick Korniloff, Carolyne Levinbook, and David Levinbook 
 Nancy Licata and Scott Tucker 
 Martin Scnay and Helene Brenkman 
 Brittani Bader and Katie Baiglova 
 Pamela Cohen, Nick Korniloff, Sara Herbert Galloway, and Barry Klarberg 
 Troy Buckner, Pamela Cohen, and Hale Buckner 
 Kevin Richards, Isabel Richards, and Hilga Richards 
 Alexandra Porter and Max Sinsteden 
 Julianna Young, Collins Ward, and Ludovica Ferme 
 Barbara Regna and Kamile Kupcinskaite 
 Amanda Smeal, Stefan Nowicki, Chris Daniels, and Elizabeth Siegel 
 Christopher Wight and Stefanos Kasselakis 
 Robert Goodfellow, Barbara Regna, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Elijah Duckworth-Schachter and Katherine DeConti 
 Sam Dangremond, Micaela English, and Stefanos Kasselakis 
 Keith Connor 
 Sandra Kozlowski and Krystian von Speidel 
Andrew M. Cuomo, Raymond W. Kelly, and Robert J. McGuire
Robert P. Morgenthau and John B. Osborn
John B. Osborn and Andrew M. Cuomo
Brian T. Moynihan, Raymond W. Kelly, John A. Catsimatidis, and Richard Silverman
Robert A. McNamara and Pamela J. Newman
Margo Catsimatidis, Raymond W. Kelly, Veronica Kelly, and John A. Catsimatidis
Robert and Barbara Taylor Bradford
Joan McGuire and Charles A. Stillman
 Michael Shara discusses stellar explosions 
 Co-Chairs Lori and Zach Pomerantz 
 Steering Committee member Carla Franklin, Museum's Curator of Astrophysics 	Michael Shara, and friend
 Steering Committee member Joseph Shatz and friend
 Mike Lackman and Ruth Ann Blankenheim 
 Steering Committee member Alessia Menegon with Katia and Ariella Menegon 
 Danielle Lerner with Co-Chairs Robin Roberts, Lori and Zach Pomerantz, and 	Brad Roberts 
 Allie Wise and Katherine Brown 
 Chip White 
 David Friedman and Rianne Karmin 
Hui Bai (center) and friends
 Jennie Ingram and Kate Pavlovich 
First Lady Diane Patrick and Governor of Massachusetts Deval Patrick backstage with Jacob's Pillow Executive and Artistic Director Ella Baff, New York City Ballet star Wendy Whelan, soloist with the Martha Graham Dance Company Lloyd Knight
 First Lady Diane Patrick and Governor of Massachusetts Deval Patrick backstage with 2013 Jacob's Pillow Dance Award Winner Michelle Dorrance 
 Wendy Whelan and Lloyd Knight in Martha Graham's Canticle for Innocent Comedians (1952)
 Bill Hastings, Jacob's Pillow Director of Education J.R. Glover, The School at Jacob's Pillow Jazz/Musical Theatre Program Director and choreographer of PIPPIN Chet Walker, Jacob's Pillow Board member Wendy McCain, and Jacob's Pillow Director of Preservation Norton Owen
 Pillow supporters Lynne Leavitt and Aaron Leavitt with their son Mark Leavitt, Pillow Board Member and Gala Co-Chair
 Rebecca Milikowsky and husband Nathan Milikowsky
 Daughter of Board Member Sylvia Pope, Rosamond Pope-Meyer, and husband Jake Meyer with Laura Sinott and son of Sylvia Pope, Albert Pope
  Jacob's Pillow Board member and Gala Co-Chair Christopher Jones with Jacob's Pillow Board Chair Joan Hunter
 Filmmaker and video installation artist Liz Richards
  John Michael Schert,  Ilter Ibrahimof,  Alejandro Cerrudo, and Daniel Cappello
  Martin Monas and wife, former New York City Ballet Dancer Teresa Reyes          
 Jacob's Pillow Board Chair Joan Hunter and  Wendy Whelan
 Claudia Perles with her son Joshua Perles 
Amber Ju, Dustin Mauldin, and Anisa Keith
 Jordan Matter and Dance Theatre of Harlem principal dancer Michaela DePrince
 Chairperson Jane Pontarelli and Joe Pontarelli 
 Marla Novick, Linda Florin, and Kelly Gerber 
 Sheryl Schwartz 
 Diana Ziv, Cindy Brahms, and Ann Haselkorn 
 Carol Visconti and Sandy Teitelbaum 
 Brenda Axelrod, Patty Greenberg, Lisa Konsker, and Carol Visconti 
 Phyllis Berman, Andrea Schlossberg, and Paula Modell 
 Marianna Gunther 
 Jane Pontarelli, Steven Dann, and Debbie Polk 
 Arlene Mark, Amy Milch, Romana Grant, and Kay Ziplow 
 Missy Lubliner and Andrea Warshaw 
 Judy Gilbert, Hedy Park, and Suzan Kremer 
 James J. Heinze, Albert Guditis, and Stewart Lane 
 Joe Benincasa 
 Stewart Lane and Bonnie Comley 
 Stefano Brancato and Michael Goldfried 
 Chris McDaniel 
 Rod Kimball and Andy Sapora 
 Benjamin Juarez, Stephanie Trodello, and Stewart Lane 
 Lauren and Joe Pizza 
 Trav S.D. 
 James Comley and Virginia Comley 
 Joe Benincasa, Stewart Lane, and James J. Heinze 
 Joe Pizza and Joe Benincasa 
 Leah Lane 
 Melia Bensussen and Bonnie Comley 
 Albert Guditis 
 Melia Bensussen 
 Ariela Pizza 
 George Small 
 Rod Kimball and Andy Sapora 
 Franklin Bruno and Poor Baby Bree 
 Chris McDaniel 
Asya Gribov and Priya Pappu
Katelyn Platz, Julieanne Alonzo, and Laura Arayata
Jen Kwok and Ricky Milburn
 Back row: Asya Gribov, Grace Johnstone, Julieanne Alonzo, Li Jun Xian, Jessica French, Cassandra Kohilakis, John Murphy, and Emily Tella. Front row: Megan O'Brien and Lori Feren
Graham Bannon and Angela Chen
Susan Rubell and Samanthe Lobosco
Honey Brennan, Susan Rubell, Lola Pearl, and Darin Rubell
Guests screenprinting tote bags
Raffle winner Erin Bond
Raffle winner John Fewell
Alton Murray and Habiba Koroma
Guests enjoying the clay bar
 Vanessa Redgrave
Vincent Warren, MIchael Ratner, and Vanessa Redgrave
Kyra Sedgwick
Allan Buchman
 Auctioneer Jay Mandarino
Girl Be Heard
Vanessa Redgrave, Kyra Sedgwick, Kevin Bacon, and Trudie Styler
 Lauren Embrey, Loreen Arbus, and Monica WInsor
Gala Chairs Alfred Kahn and Jillian Crane
Allan Buchman, Christine Ponz, Bill Robinson, and Amanda Quaid
Eva Haller with Steve and Ruth Hendel
Rhea Isaacs, John Farr, and Jill Brooke
Jade Ullmann, Hugh Evans, Tanyella Evans, Jodie Evans, Nadia Malik, Ibrahim AlHusseini, Gita Drury, Matt Palevski, Molly Sonsteng, Chelsea Brown, Sam Utne, and Jamie Abelson
 Alfonso Montiel, Jade Natanya, Gita Drury, and Ibrahim AlHusseini
Lauren Embrey, Josh Mailman, and Monica Winsor
Nicole Reeber, John Farr, and Jill Brooke
Matt Flynn, Marcus Cammack, Carolyn Gitomer, James Grant, Robert Ballard, and Robert Frederick
 Louise Camuto, Vince Camuto and God's Love We Deliver Board member Margaret Russell 
 Gods Love Staff 
 Jeff Pfeifle, Sue Chalom, Dennis Basso, Scott Bruckner, and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Julie Lichtstein, Michelle Francis, Lisa Sherman, and Vivian Pollack 
 Dan Wright, Laura Michalchyshyn, and Chris Poore 
 Scott Bruckner and T.R. Pescod 
 Vince Camuto and Louise Camuto 
 Richard, Jane and Jeffrey Novick 
 Randy Kempner, Tony Ingrao, Louise Camuto, and Vince Camuto 
 LaMont Craig, David Ludwigson, Jon Gilman and Barbra Locker 
 Mark Lanspa, Rebecca Bond and William Wright 
 Haley Binn and Jason Binn 
 Alan Rogers, Charlotte Moss and John Yunis
 Jerry Madigan and Jamie Zimmerman 
 Alan Rogers and David Ludwigson 
 Dan Wright, Laura Michalchyshyn, and Chris Poore 
 Cory Ingram and Louise Camuto 
 David Wine, Robby Browne and friends 
 Karen Pearl, Vicente Wolf, and Margaret Russell 
 Matthew Smyth and Christopher Idone 
 Michael Sennott, Karen Pearl and Terry Meehan 
 Michael Librett, Shana Librett, Stephen Cavello, Peter Panagiotopoulos, and Nick Kavallieratos 
 Candy Bonder, Mark Lehrer, Gaby Lehrer and Karen Pearl 
 David Ludwigson, Doron Sabag, Jim Hoffman Faris and Karen Naber 
 Penny Zuckerwise and Barbra Locker 
 Jon Gilman and Brad Learmonth 
 Sylvia Vogelman, Michael Sennott, Joan Garry, Lisa Sherman, Terrence Meck, Breton Alberti, and Scott Bruckner 
 Brad Learmonth, Jon Gilman, Haim Hassin and Jean Fleischhacker 
 Perry Eisman, Karen Pearl, andPeter Lichtenthal 
 Veronica Henkel and Em Findley 
 Valerie Steele, Nancy Shaw, Yaz Hernandez, Michael Kors, Liz Peek, Carole Divet Harting, Jean Shafiroff, Chiu-ti Jansen, Michele Gerber Klein, Jieun Wax, Kamie Lightburn, Eleanora Kennedy, and Stephanie Loeffler at   a private event at Michael Kors Madison Avenue store (790 Madison Avenue) for members of the Couture Council of The Museum at FIT. 
 Public Theater Artistic Director Oskar Eustis and Meryl Streep
Zachary Quinto and Lily Rabe
Ken Auletta and friend
Mimi Lieber and Daniel Sullivan
Paul Shaffer, Steve Martin, and Peter Asher
 Sting and  Oskar Eustis
Oskar Eustis, NYC Commissioner of the Department of Cultural Affairs Kate Levin, and Jacob Bernstein
Kevin Kline, Jonathan Groff, Martin Short, Anika Noni Rose, and Eric Idle during the curtain call of The Pirates of Penzance
Kevin Kline, Jonathan Groff, Martin Short, Anika Noni Rose, Glenn Close, Eric Idle,  and the company of The Pirates of Penzance 
 Cindy Rinfret, Aundrea Amine, Nancy Shaw, Elizabeth Galt, Nicole Reynolds, Jieun Wax, Emma Pennington, and Shelly Lynch 
 Celia Hegyi, Michael Kors, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Debra Wasser and Mary Turano 
 Emma Pennington, Elizabeth Galt, and Nicole Reynolds 
 Jieun Wax and Kamie Lightburn 
 Julie Macklowe, William Macklowe, and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Lexi Novak 
 Laura Lofaro Freeman, Yaz Hernandez, and Diane Herdling 
 Jean Shafiroff, Cindy Rinfret, Michael Kors, Jieun Wax, Shelly Lynch, and Patricia Shiah 
 Nicole Mancini and Kay Facatselis 
 Lance LePere, Catherine Gund, Tanzin, and Michael Kors 
 Roseanne Morrison, Yaz Hernandez, and Jean Shafiroff 
Bruce Ratner
John Legend
Anju Gupta, Anita Chester, Tony Roselle, and Deepak Gupta
Susan Werman and Rhonda Ran
David Barse, Michael Dorf, John Pizzarelli, and Joan Osborne
David Moore, Bruce Ratner, Brett Yormark, Alison Tocci, and David Barse
Mike Silverman and Emily Whipple 
Jason Kidd and Porschla Coleman
Lary Wolf, Susan Freedman, Jon Mechanic, and Bruce Ratner
Michael Dorf, Alison Tocci, Lisa Barse, John Pizzarelli, Joan Osborne, and David Barse
Guests congregate on the Wethersfield Estate in Millbrook, NY
Rob Murphy and Ling Kwan serenade
John and Patricia Forelle
Deborah Montgomery and Marc McLean
Barbara and Donald Tober
Kirk Henckels
John Klopp, Colleen Howland, Karen Klopp, and Kevin Smith
Marion de Vogel
Crowd watching  the Millbrook Hunt approaching Wethersfield
Members of the Millbrook Hunt 
Caroline Geerlings, Lorna Graev, Fernanda Kellogg, and Podie Lynch
Dede Rosenfeld and Gloria Callen
Eugenia Revson, Dotty Smith, and Lionel Goldfrank
Everett Cook, Libby Mavroleon, and Nina Griscom
Deban Flexner and Pam Taylor Yates
Rowena Gill and Marion de Vogel moments before the show
Kinue Fowler
Clair Glover
Finale with founders and designers, Marion de Vogel and Rowena Gill
 Members of the Ball Committee: Kimberly Bancroft, Irina Shushko, Connie Carr, Thalia Elie, Angela Susan Anton, Natalia Good, Esther Ambalu, Sara Ambalu, Gayle Finkelman-Cohen, Karen Loeffler, and Eve Califano.          
Nassau Community College 'flappers' welcome guests Jed Morey and Eden White
Ball Committee Member Connie Carr, with Board Member Dr. Harvey Manes
Rebecca Creavin and M. Patricia Janco-Tupper, co-chairs of the Ball's Journal Committee; Nassau County Comptroller George Maragos; Museum Director Dr. Karl Willers, and Ball Chairman Angela Susan Anton show off a congratulatory proclamation from the county
Ball Committee Member Cora Michalis, Museum Director Dr. Karl Willers, Museum Founding President Hon. Arnold A. Saltzman, Board Member Dr. Todd Cohen, and Joan Saltzman
Museum supporters George Machin and Nancy DeMatteis with Arlene Levine and Board Vice President Arthur Levine
Dr. Stephen and Sharon Cuchel (Board Secretary) with Barbara and Timothy Schmidt
Museum Director Dr. Karl Willers with Susan Isaksen and 2012 Ball Honoree Bob Isaksen
Museum supporters Jacob and Esther Ambalu with Board Member Corky Paston and George Kittredge
 Susan Freedman, Mark Lebow, Patti Harris, David Rockefeller Jr., Susan Rockefeller, and Toby Usnik at The Municipal Art Society's annual benefit gala.
 David Rockefeller Jr.
 Chris Nenno and Xanthe Ranger 
 Brenda Levin, Louise Kerz Cullman, Lewis Cullman, Hazel Shore, and Elizabeth Strong-Cuevas 
 Dr. Ottavio Arancio and Cetie Ames 
 Norman Foster, Elena Foster, Peter Eisenmann, Cynthia Davidson, Vishaan Chakrabarti, and Maria Alataris 
 Frank Mahan, Carson Griffith, Colin Koop, and Daniel Cashin 
 Shari Patrick, Abbe Heller, and Donna Dean 
 Ben Rodriguez, Greg Morey, Rosalie Lowe, Scott James, and Billy Wright 
 Lynette Smith, Gordon Davis, Michelle Fizer-Peterson, Julio Peterson, Diane Coffey, John Ray, Ali Lebow, Eric Smith, and Nina Freedman 
 Bill Schroeder and Lisa Nagle 
 Chris Roth, Keith Douglas, Tom Madden, and JW Victor 
 John Bricker, Julia Simet, and Tom Vecchione 
 Ari Goldstein, Katherine Kelman, Elysa Goldman, Laura Kirshcbaum, Kristina Balon, and Joaquin Stearns 
 Thomas Woltz and Claire Bonham Carter 
 Sharon Davis, William M King, Barbara Peabody, Mark Rockefeller, and Donna Dean 
 Elaine Postley, John Postley, and Helen Tucker 
 Chris Roth and Alexia MacIntosh 
 Joe Versace, Ashton Hawkins, Julie Gilhart, Toby Usnik, and John Moore 
 Frances Cashin, Dick Cashin, Liza Cashin, David Patrick Columbia, Alexandra Stoddard, and Philip Howard 
 Alexandra Stoddard and David Patrick Columbia 
 Bob Waggoner, Mary Ellen Waggoner, and David Bartsch 
 Arianna Rockefeller and Charles Rockefeller 
 Jennifer Rapp, Julio Peterson, and Simone Levinson 
 Sam Peabody and Lisa Meyer 
 Michael Samuelian, Susannah Drake, Susan Freedman, Shaun Donovan, Liza Gilbert, and James Capalino 
 Greg Pasquarelli, Amanda Garrett, Chris Sharples, and Michael Stern 
 Vin Cipolla 
 Ashton Hawkins and Moira Moynihan 
 Jay Kreiger, Louise Kerz Cullman, Hazel Shore, and Lewis Cullman 
 Zia Khan 
 Jay Kreiger, Michelle Pfeizer Peterson, Leslie Koch, Julio Peterson, Elizabeth Belfer, and Vin Cipolla 
 Reagan Gamon, Linda Gelz, Camilla Rockefeller, and Nannie Brown 
 Stephen Lash and Celine McDonald 
 David Patrick Columbia and Arlene Dahl 
 Marc Rosen and Coco Kopelman 
 Paul Washington and Dan Sagner 
 Arie Kopelman 
 Paul Needham and Eugenie L. Birch 
 Janet Mavic, David Butters, Kim Bepler, and Charlotte Moss 
 Janet Ross, Adrian Ross, and Emilie Bombardier 
 Tina Flaherty, Peter Karadimas, and Madeline Wils 
 Matt Tyrnauer
 Peter and Katie Ginsberg, Maya Browne, and Laurence Pels 
 Ronnie Aroesty, Gary Nusser, Sara Panag, Ailene Mitchell, Sanjay Bhatnagar, and Dennis Merens 
 Scott Griffin, Samantha Fischer, Tanya Baskin, and Ronnie Aroesty 
 Angela Hopen and Amy Gallen 
 Bob Hallman, Patti Bressman, and Katie Ginsberg 
 Patti Bressman, Mikkel Vestergaard Frandsen,   Katie Ginsberg, and Ernie Anastos
 Bunty Armstrong, Ernie Anastos, and Amory Armstrong 
 CELF Tribeca Rooftop Gala 
 Mario Buatta and Jamie Drake 
 Mario Buatta and Jim Druckman 
 Brad Shar, Lisa Wyer, and Michael Arbini 
 Brian del Toro, Lynne Scalo, and Michael H. Florio 
 Keith Baltimore, Kim Hendrickson-Radovich, and Ken Gemes 
 Barbara Page, Steven Bernstein, and Libby Langdon 
 Janice Langrall and Bryant Keller 
 Ric Barbatelli, Stephanie Barbatelli, and Barbara Ostrom 
 Sherrill Canet and Jonathan Kutzin 
 Richard Mortimer, Dennis McAvena, and Elizabeth Hagins 
 Steven Golub, Dr. Thomas Fahey, Jr., Frank D'Amelio, Frank Calamari, and John Gambling 
 Frank Calamari and Manfred Altstadt 
 Dr. Michael Brescia and Dr. Robert Brescia 
 Dr. Thomas Fahey, Jr. and Eleanor Fahey 
 Carlos and Claire Hernandez 
 Joseph D'Amelio, Dana D'Amelio, Alexa D'Amelio, Rose D'Amelio, Cam D'Amelio, and Frank D'Amelio 
 Rosemary DiVito, Matt McKenna, Nancy McKenna, and Larry Bradley 
 John Decina, Barbara Decina, and Dr. Christopher Comfort 
 Dara Richardson-Heron, M.D., Patty Stonesifer, Zoe Dunning, Eva Longoria, Sharon Love, and Victoria Dinges 
 Eva Longoria 
 Rebecca Hall 
 Ingrid Saunders-Jones 
 Ingrid Saunders-Jones and Eva Longoria 
 Commander Zoe Dunning, S.C. USNR (Ret.) 
 Loreen Arbus and Eva Longoria 
 The 2012-2013 YWCA USA Board, with Eva Longoria and Dara Richardson-Heron, M.D. 
 Patty Stonesifer and Francie Pepper 
 Elisha Rhodes, Local YWCA Association Leader 
 Eva Longoria and Dr. Dara Richardson-Heron 
 Local YWCA Association Leaders
The ballroom at 583 Park
 East Harlem Dreamers with Nancy Restrepo Wilson (East Harlem Program Director) and Thierry Cazeau ("I Have A Dream" New York Executive Director) 
 East Harlem Dreamers with Thierry Cazeau ("I Have A Dream" New York Executive Director) 
 Eugene Lang with DeHostos-Wise Dreamers and Original Dreamer, Alma Ceballos 
 Carlos Watson and DeHostos-Wise Dreamers 
 Carl Banks, Sue Herera and Carlos Watson 
 Commissioner John B. King Jr. 
 Chancellor Merryl Tisch and Samir Talati (Principal of P.S. 7) 
 East Harlem Dreamers 
 Harry Connick, Jr., Adrienne Arsht, Jessica Molaskey, John Pizzarelli, and Alec Baldwin at the New York Philharmonic's Spring Gala benefit.
 Carol Schaefer, Peg Knight, Elaine Petschek, and Anne Niemeth 
 Alexandra Leighton and Alexander Benet 
 Charles and Anne Niemeth 
 Didi Schafer and Alec Baldwin 
 Daria Foster and Paulo Szot 
 Eric Wallach and Daria Foster 
 Gurnee and Marjorie Hart 
 Executive Director Matthew VanBesien and Rosanne Jowitt 
 Harold Mitchell 
 Jessica Molaskey and John Pizzarelli 
 Samantha Whiting and Benner Ulrich 
 Marin Mazzie and Paulo Szot 
 Mary Wallach 
 Peter and Barbara Georgescu 
 Alina Cho, Executive Director Matthew VanBesien, and Alec Baldwin 
 A. Eugene Kohn and Honey Kurtz 
 Philharmonic Violinist Hae-Young Ham and Mickey Ateyeh 
 Roseanne Jowitt, Paulo Szot, and Alina Cho 
 Ted Sperling and Philharmonic Violinist Na Sun 
 Ursula Striker, Didi Schafer, Roseanne Jowitt, and Daisy Soros 
 William Ivey Long,  Karen Akers, Elizabeth Scott, Adrienne Arsht, Harry Connick, Jr., and Chairman Gary W. Parr 
Cocktails in the Theodore Roosevelt Rotunda
Honoree Michael Corbat; Museum President Ellen V. Futter; Citi Chairman 	Michael O'Neill; Museum Trustee, former Citi Chairman, and current Senior 	Advisor of Providence Equity LLC Richard Parsons
Museum Trustee Christine Varney, Councilman Domenic Recchia, and Museum 	President Ellen V. Futter
Andrew and Zibby Right with Elizabeth Right
Alli and Donna Corbat, Wendy David, and Anais Touton
Elizabeth Right, Andrew and Zibby Right, Jessica Cosmus, and Jonathan Right
Alli, Michael, and Donna Corbat
Museum Trustee Roger Altman, Michael and Donna Corbat, Douglas Brinkley
George and Wendy David, Anais Touton, Donna Corbat, and James Perriam
Dinner in the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life
The table centerpieces
 Event Chair Joanna Steinberg, Host Leandra Medine, and Event Chair Danielle Segal 
 Actor Chaske Spencer 
 Adam Friedman and Sarah Golden 
 Joanna Steinberg, Matt Makovsky, Leandra Medine, and Danielle Segal 
 Sharon Carpenter 
 Dr. Philip J. Landrigan, Honoree: Jessica Alba, and Rhonda Sherwood 
 Greening Our Children Chairs: Wendy Mindel Rubenstein, Rachel Weiss, Amy Moss Clark, Jeanine Behr Getz, David B. Murphy, Anne Ogilvy, Jill Brack, Maura Mandell, Lisa Ryan Boyle, and Annalise Stack 
 Wendy Mindel Rubinstein, Rachel Weiss, Amy Moss Clark, Jeanine Behr Getz, Dr. Philip J. Landrigan, Dr. Robert Wright, Anne Ogilvy, Jill Brack, Maura Mandell, Lisa Ryan Boyle, and Annalise 
            Stack 
 Honoree Jessica Alba 
 Mount Sinai Greening Our Children Benefit Luncheon Men's Committee: Carl Zuckerberg, David Sherwood, Robert H. Getz, Reginald Brack, David F. Ogilvy, and Lloyd Mandell 
 Susan Saunders, Lisa Ryan Boyle, Rhonda Sherwood, and Kathy Arrix 
 Vivian Panou, Tony Polyviou, and Christine Kostantakis 
 Abigail Hendel Levy, Catherine Tompkins, and Meg McAuley Kaicher 
 Debbie Miron and Carrie Heffernan 
 Carrie Emery, Crissy Foster, Dana Getz, Lisa Fry, and Lindsay Durfee 
 Brittany Chamberlin, Jennifer Boyd, and Mizar Turdiu 
 Victoria Lunt and Anne Ogilvy 
 Lisa Lawrence, Tanya Lapinski Murphy, and Patricia Toogood 
 Heather T. Jervis, Jennifer Brooks Clark, and Debi Flower 
 Jill Coyle and Eunice Burnett 
 Margo Crespin, Nicolas Rubinstein, and Wendy Mindel Rubinstein 
 Nancy Fazzinga and Ashley Allan 
 Betsy Evans and Natalie Tallis 
 Alexandra Bergstein, Jiyuen Lee, and Hyunja Kenner 
 Rachel Khanna, Kathy Cohen, Amy Kalafa, and Audrey Chan 
 Kathy Lozier, Jeanine Behr Getz, and Crashy Brown 
 Debbie Conolly, Jill Brack, and Toby Cone 
 Susan Khanna, Sharlene Cameron, and Anne Noel Dawson 
 Ellen Lautenberg 
 Nan Johnson, Allyson Cowan, and Cynthia Chang-Scanlan 
 Susie Schnall, Nancy Weiser, Jennifer Mann, and Elisabeth Wolfe 
 Jennifer Boyd, Gil Kernan, and Brittany Chamberlin 
 Susan Sleeper, Meredith Feurtado, Tia Mahaffy, and Ashley Allan 
 Jill Coyle, Carol Henderson, and Wendy Henderson 
 Margot Weinstein, Kim Sands, Debbie Needle, and Francessca Dunn 
 Bottom Row: Dr. Joel Forman, Robert H. Getz, David F. Ogilvy, Reginald Brack, and David Sherwood. Top Row: George Getz, John Hannon, Carl Zuckerberg, and Lloyd Mandell 
Fresh Air Fund's annual "Salute to American Heroes"  at Pier Sixty, Chelsea Piers
 Katherine Ransdell and Misfit Dior 
 Jenny Morgenthau, William Lauder, and Carla Hall 
 Muhammad Wilkerson 
 Thakoon 
 Linda Johnson, Leonard Lauder, and Dr. A. Joseph Rudick 
 Christina Ricci 
 Caryn Zucker, Steve Wolf, and William Lauder 
 Black and White Extravaganza at Riverside Church 
 Storefront Parent April Bobyn, Cheryl Goodwin-Pittman, Jim Anderson and Assistant Head of School Michael Williams 
 Ellie Lipschitz, Corporations and Foundations Director Mary Quinlan, Faculty member James Amodeo and Trustee Dorian Brown 
 Trustee Michael Stubbs with Franz Skryanz, Honoree Kathleen McCarthy-Skryanz, and Storefront Artist in Residence Matthias Leutrum 
 Storefront parent Al  Gumbs, Head of School Wendy Reynoso, and Storefront parent Shareen Gumbs 
 Storefront Teacher Candace Cardwell, Roberta Cardwell, Storefront Teacher Joanna Horwitz 
 Trustee Michael Stubbs, Honoree Kathleen McCarthy-Skryanz, Chief Operations Officer Alex Castro, Caroline Castro 
 Director of H.S. Placement and Alumni Affairs Teneka Hardy and Assistant to the Head of School Leah Lescouflair 
 Storefront Alumni 
 Dean of Students Mel Chan with Storefront Faculty Joe Brenner and James Amodeo 
 Storefront Alum Oneshia Shade-Portlette, Trustee Elsie Aidinoff, Kathleen McKelvy and Trustee Michael Stubbs 
 Honorees from the Morgan Stanley Black Employees Networking Group Bianca Smith and Dana Hariton 
 Honoree Magnolia Jones with Trustee Christine LaSala 
 Ruth Lande Shuman and Michael Shuman 
 David Townsend, Lily Gunn, and Rachel Barnett 
 Casey Benjamin, Michael Shuman, and George Motz 
 DJ  Keili Hamilton 
 Garrett Brignoli, Megan Przywara, Stephanie Koscielski, and Joy Salazar 
 Mireya Rios 
 Joelle Abi-Habib and Ashley Margraf 
 Joshwin Hall and Andre Grun 
 Kayla Jones and Ram Bhavsar 
 Marie Roy, George Motz, and Keili Hamilton 
 Megan Przywara,  Stephanie Koscielski, and Joy Salazar 
 Ruth Lande Shuman and Eddie Sacasa 
 Sydney Siegel and Kevin Walker 
Under the tent for  the Wildlife Conservation Society's annual gala at the Central Park Zoo.
 Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Valerie Jacob (Fried Frank), and Jonathan Mechanic (Fried Frank) 
 Richard Rabinowitz (Gala Honoree) and Roberta Brandes Gratz (Eldridge Street Founder) 
 Helene Walsey, Romy Silverstein, Steven Walsey (Gala Honoree), Craig Walsey, Lisa Africk, and David Walsey 
 Jonathan and Wendy Mechanic with Morris Bailey (JEMB) 
 Wendy and Jonathan Mechanic, Arlene Goldfarb,   Todd Kahn, and Ann Marie Kahn
 Craig Reicher (CBRE), Jonathan Mechanic (Fried Frank), and Tim Dempsey (CBRE) 
 Michael Weinstein, Millen Magese, and Funmi Alaiyemola 
 Richard  and Amy Ruben, Lorinda Ash, William Rubenstein, and Melissa Warshaw 
 Rick Leland (Fried Frank), Jonathan Mechanic (Fried Frank), and Brian Baker (JP Morgan) 
Under the tent at The Conservatory Ball's "An Evening in the Italian Renaissance Garden of Padua" at the New York Botanical Garden.
 Sarah and Richard Chilton 
 Phyllis Toohey, Howard Brenner, Barbara Brenner, and John Blundin 
 Robert Rufino and Susan Kelly 
 Leslie Foley, Ambassador Tom Foley, and Chris Zimmerman 
 Ken Mifflin and Marsha Mifflin 
 Wendy Nolan, William Nolan, and Lee Wareham 
 Patricia Fernandez and Ricardo Fernandez 
 Nicholas Gennis and Ellen Walker 
 Peter and Elbrun Kimmelmann, Melinda and Tom Hassen 
 Jay Diamond and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Janet Ross and Lionel Larner 
 Michael and Courtney Szwajkowski 
 Diane Tierney and Julie Graham 
 Peter and Eaddo Kiernan 
 Maureen Chilton, Gillian Miniter, Cosby George, Gregory Long, Ann Johnson, and Patti Fast 
 Andy and Kristin Kramer 
 Michelle and Tyler Wolfrem 
 Dr. Susan Krysiewicz 
 Bill Mayer, Rod Drake, and Chris Meigher 
 Meredith Bourne and Caroline Kelso 
 Monica Sifkind and Ronald Riqueros 
 Gillian Miniter, Patti Fast, Gregory Long, Cosby George, and Ann Johnson 
 Fe Fendi 
 Adrienne and Ghighi Vittadini 
 Stuart Clifford, Lee Wareham, Ellen Roman, and Ken Roman 
 Jerry Ann and Victor Costa 
 Jonathan and Candice Wainwright, Michael and Avery Clark 
 Claudia and Nick Moore 
 Sarah Irby 
 Kathleen  and Rainer Kirchgaessner 
 Joe and Tricia Solari 
 Whitney and Robert Douglas Jr. 
 Landon and Kiwi Hilliard 
 Alina Sayer 
 Robert Garrett and Heather Stein 
 Peter and Diane Chapman, Melissa Millay, and John Robert Massie 
 Mango Chin and Tara Weezsalz 
 Alez Wheaz and Meredith Bourne 
 Chuck  and Deborah Royce 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson 
 Ken and Noreen Buckfire 
 Donald and Muffy Miller, Julie Weindling, and Phil Geier 
 Coco and Ari Kopelman 
 Andy Oshrin and Michele Smith 
 Di Mondo 
 Mai Hallingby Harrison and Donald Smith 
 Jean and Martin Shafiroff 
 Gillian and Sylvester Miniter 
 Chris and Lisa Ruth with Bryan Colwell 
 Katie and Fred Ryser 
 Mark Gilbertson, Whitney Topping, Sarah Briton, and Henry Topping 
 Amy Hoadley and Walter Deane 
 Sheri and Sandy Severino, Stuart and Valerie Mogel 
 Randy and Margot Takian 
 Stan Ponte, Kami Lightburn, and Randall Gianopulos 
 Charlie and Kristen Krusen 
 Philip Gorrivan, Chad Conway, Blanca Prouve, Dennis Basso, and Robert Beradchia 
 Thorne and Tatiana Perkin 
 Douglas and Susan Munin 
 Mark Sanchez 
 Vincent Piazza with Co-Chairs for Kick Off to Summer Benefit Fund, Courtney Riley, Shannon Riley, and Kerry-Lynn Riley 
 FDNY Commissioner Salvatore Cassano and Stephen Dannhauser, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Benefit Fund 
 Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo, Director of Development at Benefit Fund, and Vincent Piazza 
 Alexander F. Gershner, Member of Junior Committee of Board of Directors of Benefit Fund, and Lauren Profeta, Vice Chair for Kick Off to Summer Benefit 
 Vice Chairs for Kick Off to Summer Benefit Michael Lawler, Michael Hurley, and Alexander F. Gershner 
 A. Andrew Shapiro, Member of Board of Directors of Benefit Fund, and Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo, Director of Development at Benefit Fund 
 NYPD First Deputy Commissioner Rafael Pineiro and Alexander F. Gershner, Member of Junior Committee of Board of Directors of Benefit Fund 
 Matthew Swift, Member of Junior Committee of Board of Directors of Benefit Fund, and James Devary 
 Mark Sanchez; Larry Ehrlich, Vice President of Special Events for Benefit Fund; Stephen Dannhauser, Chairman of Benefit Fund; Arielle Lenza Di Ciollo, Director of Development of Benefit Fund; John Neary, Treasurer of Benefit Fund 
 Doug Worman and John Q. Doyle, member of Executive Committee and Board of Directors of Benefit Fund 
 The dinner scene at New York Restoration Project's  12th Annual Spring Picnic.
 MillionTreesNYC Lead Sponsors Meredith Hahn, Chris Giamo, Bette, Mary Desjardin, Juliet Williams, Hilary Ayala, Mayor Bloomberg, Amy Freitag, and Dave Barger 
 The table settings 
 Bette Midler and Michael Kors 
 Eric Kornfeld, Rosanne Cash, and Judy Gold 
 Jamee Gregory and Peter Gregory 
 Cindy Smith, Suri Kasirer, Amy Freitag, and Adrian Benepe 
 Peggy O'De and Zeze Calvo 
 Amy Goldman Fowler and Jane Goldman
 Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Diana Taylor 
 Liz Smith and Bette Midler 
 Marylyn Malkin, David Malkin, and Margo McNabb Nederlander 
 Brian Mullaney and Claude Wasserstein 
 Todd Thomas and Parker Posey 
 Martin von Haselberg
            (right)
 Katie Couric and Liz Smith 
 Elizabeth Peabody and Tim Gunn 
 Liz Smith and Margo MacNabb Nederlander 
 Mica Ertegun 
 John Molner, Zeze Calvo, Katie Couric, Peggy O'Dea, and Brian Mullaney 
 Peter Gregory and Marjorie Gubelmann 
 Todd Thomas, Parker Posey, and James L. Nedelander 
 Todd DeGarmo and Patti Harris 
 Stephanie Winston Wolkoff 
 Darcy Stacom
 John Molner and Katie Couric 
 Bette Midler and Chris Giamo 
 Rosanne Cash and Teal Kraus with friends
 Amy Goldman-Fowler, Amy Freitag, and Cary Fowler 
 Margo MacNabb Nederlander, Jimmy Nederlander, and Bette Midler 
 Paul Cavaco, Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, and Gerry Pasciucco 
 Rosanne Cash and Eric Kornfeld 
 Jimmy Nederlander, Richard Levine, and Bernadette Peters 
 Crowd during sing-along, Ellen Levine and Darcy Stacom at far right 
 A landscape by Stephen Hannock
 There were 262 guests in attendance
 Richard Sharp, Sara Griffen, Elizabeth Broun, and Stephen Hannock 
 Thomas Woltz and Tantivy Gubelmann 
 Sting, Georgia Hannock, Trudie Styler, and Stephen Hannock 
 Lori Tritsch and William Lauder 
 Stephen Petronio and Suzanne Vega 
 Jeff Bewkes, Stephen Hannock and William Lauder 
 Christo and Elizabeth Broun 
 Ann Colley and Gabrielle Bacon 
 Danny and Audrey Meyer 
 Lucy Waletzky and Richard McCarthy 
 David Redden 
 Simon Lewis, Christian Charapata, Paul Dominguez, and Brian Nessing 
 Pauline Metcalf and Gigi Wilmers 
 Francis de Marneffe, Barbara de Marneffe, Carlton Hobbs, Kate Wharton, and Alfred Kohnle 
 Susan Wissler 
 Gigi Wilmers, Morrison Heckscher, and Pauline Metcalf 
 Pauline Metcalf, Mario Buatta, and Margaret Kennedy 
 Josefina Massot, Sara Hunter Hudson, and Carlton Hobbs 
 Sara Hunter Hudson and Jay Sherwood 
 Rohit Desai and Sara Hunter Hudson 
 Delight Dodyk, Maya Nussbaum, Susan Wissler, and Jennifer Egan 
 Carlton Hobbs, Georgia Shreve, and Peter Lang 
 Margaret Kennedy, Thomas Jayne, and William Cullum 
 Katherine Hull, Elizabeth White, and Kate Wharton 
 Linda O'Connell, Sunny Hayward, and Deborah Donovan 
 Richard Neel and Sunny Hayward 
 Jay Sherwood, Judith Villard, and Robert Chen 
 Mary Ellen McCabe and Debralee Nelson 
 John Clark, David Edwards, and Christine Edwards 
 Viggo Rambusch and James Nicoll Cooper 
 Edward Lee Cave 
 Linda O'Connell, Michael Simon, and Deborah Donovan 
 Gladys Thomas and Elena Patterson 
 Mandy Patinkin, Dr. Mark Urken, and Harry Smith 
 Jason and Bonnie Spodek, Executive Director Erika Markowitz, and Joshua P. Katz 
 Fabi Khanlari, Elliott Bernerd, Susan Bernerd, and Richard LeFrak 
 Karen Sobel, Laura Urken 
 Steven R. Black, Dr. Mark Urken, and Jack Ophir 
 Gail Donovan, COO Continuum Health Partners, with Donald Levy, President of The Levy Group and Chairman of the THANC Foundation 
 David Z. Hirsch 
 Donald and Dawn Levy 
 Marcia and Jack Levy 
Patricia Shiah and Audrey Gruss
Jean Shafiroff, Chuck Scarborough, and Audrey Gruss
Ann Jurdem and Christine Smith Gray
Andrea Greeven Douzet, Victoria Wyman, Rolf Heitmeyer, and Katlean de Monchy
Melanie Wambold and Sandra McConnell
Robert S. Chaloner, Sharon DiSunno, Dr. Darin Wiggins, and Helga Loring
Kathy Riley
Sharon Kerr, Marjorie Harris, and Kim Dryer
Cassandra Seidenfeld and Debra Halpert
 Jill Ross, Yesim Philip, Brooke Shields, Adelina Wong Ettelson, Sarah Kurita, and Nyssa Kourakos at Playground Partners Annual Family Party.
 Adelina Wong Ettelson 
 Brooke Shields and Anne Harrison 
 Brooke Shields and Arthur Wayne 
 Nancy Paduano, Sharon Teles, Sarah Kurita, Nyssa Kourakos, Anne Harrison, Adelina Wong Ettelson, and Jill Ross 
 Kamie Lightburn and Yesim Philip 
 Ranika Cohen, Begum Taft, Paige Boller Malik, and Kate Krieger 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson 
 Jake, Nancy Paduano, Oscar, and Daniel Paduano 
 Timothy Richards 
 Jaquelin Robertson 
 Natalie, Debra, and Larry Boerder 
 Emily Bedard and Adrian Taylor 
 Karen Bechtel, Egan Seward, and Gil Schafer III 
 Will Strasser and Lucinda Ballard 
 Grant Marani and Nick Stern 
 Sandra Nunnerly and Angela Thompson 
 Leslie-Jon Vickory and Khalil Hamady 
 Gary Brewer, Buff Chase, Liz Plater-Zyberk and Rick Lapham 
 John and Elizabeth LaBombard; Suzanne and Fred Rheinstein 
 Nancy and Edward Madden, Will and Carol Browne 
 Maureen Footer and Gil Schafer III 
 Alexa Aron, John Cameron, Frances Cameron and Richard Cameron 
 Jane Lear and Katie Ridder 
 Lt Col Timothy Adams and Gerry Dolezar 
 Anne Kriken Mann and Andy Taylor 
 Eleanor Alger and Bagley Reid 
 Suzanne Santry 
 Paul Gunther and Miriam Ellner 
 Peter Pennoyer 
 Marina Killery 
 Paul Gunther and Gail Lloyd 
 Briana Miller 
 Jonathan Nelson and Peter Pennoyer 
 Anne Fairfax 
 Pavlos Papageorgiou and Sarah Newbery 
 Clare McKeon 
 Ryan McCarthy, Richard Dragisic, and Carol Browne 
 Suzanne Santry and Rick Lapham 
 Kathy Rayner and George Gillespie 
 Hospital for Special Surgery, the number one hospital for orthopedics in the nation, celebrated its 150-year legacy of excellence on Thursday, May 2, with a landmark anniversary event at The Metropolitan Museum of Art. This social event was one of a series of activities marking the 150th anniversary of the founding of the Hospital 
 Dr. Thomas Sculco, surgeon-in-chief, Hospital for Special Surgery addresses guests
 Cynthia and Dr. Thomas Sculco, surgeon-in-chief, Hospital for Special Surgery; with Joseph and Ellen Wright; Kristen Steele; and Dr. Stephen Fealy 
 Dr. Philip Wilson Jr., surgeon-in-chief emeritus, Hospital for Special Surgery; with Ellen and Joseph Wright 
 Sam Delgado; Seymour Flug; Dr. Thomas Sculco, surgeon-in-chief, Hospital for Special Surgery; Kendrick Wilson, III, co-chair Board of Trustees Hospital for Special Surgery and Vice Chairman BlackRock; Diane Delgado and Renee Flug 
 Dr. John and Carol Lyden 
 Dr. Harlan Amstutz with Paula Root and Dr. Leon Root, pediatric orthopedics chief emeritus, Hospital for Special Surgery 
 Dr. Philip Wilson Jr., surgeon-in-chief emeritus, Hospital for Special Surgery; with Kim Callaghan (left) and Dr. John Callaghan (right) 
 Dr. John and Kim Callaghan; with Antonella and Dr. Eduardo Salvati 
 Cynthia Sculco and Renee Flug 
 Dr. David Altchek, Sports Medicine and Shoulder Service co-chief, Hospital for Special Surgery; with Christina and Alan MacDonald 
 Louis A. Shapiro, President and CEO, Hospital for Special Surgery; Timothy Wright, Ph.D, Kirby Chair of Orthopedic Biomechanics at Hospital for Special Surgery; Dr. Claudio Mella, Santiago, Chile; Marcia Mella; Dr. Patrick Sussmann, Zurich, Switzerland; Dr. Fabio Catani, Modena Italy; and Dr. Thomas Sculco, surgeon-in-chief, Hospital for Special Surgery 
 Dr. Peter Sculco and his fiancé Dr. Elizabeth Morris, with Cynthia and Dr. Thomas Sculco, surgeon-in-chief, Hospital for Special Surgery; and Sarah Jane Sculco and her husband Trevor Gibbons 
 Bonnie Young and Gabby Karan De Felice 
 Rachel McPherson 
 Gabby Karan De Felice, Donna Karan, and Bonnie Young 
 Sheila Johnson 
 Cristen and Nigel Barker 
 Donna Karan and Nigel Barker 
 Scott Kennedy, Nigel Barker and John London 
 Lydie Fenet and Celia Babini 
 Nigel and Cristen Barker 
 Donna Karan and Rory Tahari 
 Komen Greater NYC's 2013-14 grantees 
 Betsey Johnson landed in a split after her signature cartwheel while accepting her award 
 Suffering from laryngitis, Betsey Johnson thanks Komen Greater NYC for her Survivor Award with the help of a handmade sign 
 Komen Greater NYC's Grants, Policy & Education Chair Ivy Gamble Cobb presents the Grantee of the Year Award to Marissa Mais, Program Director of the YWCA White Plains & Central Westchester's Encore Plus 
 Komen Greater NYC Board Chair Laila Worrell, Compassionate Care honoree Dr. Patrick I. Borgen, Survivor honoree Betsey Johnson, and Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi 
 Former Betsey Johnson CEO Chantal Bacon presented the Survivor Award to longtime business partner Betsey Johnson 
 Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi, Komen founder Amb. Nancy G. Brinker, presenter and breast cancer survivor Theresa Lana, Compassionate Care honoree Patrick I. Borgen, MD, and guest Bo Dietl 
 Former Betsey Johnson CEO Chantal Bacon, Survivor Award honoree fashion designer Betsey Johnson, Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi 
 Komen Greater NYC CEO Linda Tantawi, former Betsey Johnson CEO Chantal Bacon, Survivor Award honoree fashion designer Betsey Johnson, Susan G. Komen founder Amb. Nancy G. Brinker 
 Award presenters Theresa Lana and Eric Brinker flank Compassionate Care Award honoree Patrick I. Borgen, MD 
 Former Betsey Johnson CEO Chantal Bacon, Survivor Award honoree fashion designer Betsey Johnson, Susan G. Komen founder Amb. Nancy G. Brinker 
 Komen Greater NYC Board member Amy Tsui Luke and Board Chair Laila Worrell surround Survivor Award honoree fashion designer Betsey Johnson 
 Ted Scherff, honorees Willis De La Cour and John Venditto (Supervisor of the Town of Oyster Bay), and Edward von Briesen (President of TR Sanctuary and Legacy Gala Co-Chair) 
 Ted Scherff (Director of Theodore Roosevelt Sanctuary), Mona Scherff, Susan Peterson, Edward Mohlenhoff, and Lillian Soricillo 
 Phillip and Jacqueline Blocklyn (Oyster Bay Historical Society) 
 Ashia Sheikh (Audubon NY Director of Development) and Erin Crotty (Master of Ceremonies and Executive Director of Audubon NY) 
 Jennifer Zaso
 Susan Peterson and Nicole Menchise 
 Edward Mohlenhoff (Legacy Gala Co-Chair and Board Member), Margaret and Tom Stacey, and James Tiberg 
 Peter Casparian  (Reverend of Christ Church, Oyster Bay) 
 Joseph Barry, Ingrid Chung, and Michael Obuchowski 
 Martin and Peri Wenz 
 Denyse Duval Pugsley, Marianne Nash, Suzanne Dillenbeck, James Tiberg, and Margaret Stacey 
 Lucy Cutting and June Fisher 
 Maud Robertson, Joseph Barry, Richard Weir III, and Sybil Carton 
 Ted Scherff, Lisa Ott (President of North Shore Land Alliance), and Gill Ott 
 Virginia Stowe and Margot Ernst 
 Louis Norris (aka "Diamond Jim Brady")
 Tom Ross (Superintendent of Sagamore Hill National Historic Site) 
 Angelo Garcia III (Board Member) and family 
 Bernadette Castro, Bernard Austin (Board Member), and Alexandria Austin 
 Simon Roosevelt (Legacy Gala Co-Chair) 
Descending the stairs to Doubles
 Wendy and Richard Cooke 
 Philip Schlussel and Barbara Spector, Carol and Philip Mehler 
 Jerry and Loni Casey 
 Wendy Carduner, Cynthia and Dan Lufkin, Eleanora and Michael Kennedy 
 Alex and Meriel Lari 
 Mary Van Pelt and Guy Van Pelt 
 Maureen Bannon, Kevin Costa, Jerry Anne Costa, and Victor Costa 
 Susan and Jon Nagel 
 Keiko Aoki, Horst Schneider, and Susan Schneider 
 Michael Darling and Cathy Ingram 
 Andrew and Danielle Earls with Kristen and David La Valle 
 Amy Hoadley and Polly Onet 
 Peter Duchin
 Eleanora Kennedy and Kamie Lightburn 
 Zita Davisson 
 Ambassador Brenda Johnson and Jim Blair 
 Larry Kaiser and Lisa Woodward 
 Lisa Woodward, Anka Palitz, Craig Dix, Larry Kaiser, and guests
 Members of Damayan Migrant Workers Association 
 Jodi Johnson and Asa Johnson 
Zakiya Johnson-Lord and Kenneth B. Morris, Jr.
 Mallika Dutt 
 Abigail Disney, Sarah Kovner, Rachel Fine, and Martin Dunn 
 Arva Rice, Lynda Rodolitz, Martha Baker, and Jessica Mates 
 Bill de Blasio, Lorna Brett Howard, and Hugh Hogan 
 Bonnie Potter, Ariel Mortiz, Ruth Messinger, and Martha Baker 
 Byron Silva and Gonzalo Mercado 
 Chris McInerney, Jason Franklin, and Wayne Franklin 
 Donald Capaccio, Rafael Cestero, and Tommy Pegues 
 Hugh Hogan and Anne Hess 
 Kate Spade, John Howard, Lorna Brett Howard, Stuart Mogul, and Hugh Hogan 
 Linda Vilaikeo, Laura Weil, Christine Munnelly, David Witkewicz, Greg Scott, Brenda Posey Simon, Jody Gietl, and John Howard 
 Logan Goodman, Barbara Winslow, and David Strathairn 
 Trez Thoma, Elyce Arons, and Meredith Homet 
 Katrina Schaffer 
 Lucy Liu 
 Julie Macklowe and Zang Toi 
 Nina Rennert Davidson 
 Daniel Cappello and Amanda Beck 
 Michaela DePrince 
 Charl Brown and Star Jones 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Coco Rocha 
 Muffie Potter Aston and Dr. Sherill Aston 
 Di Mondo 
 Lauren Rae Levy and Constantine Maroulis 
 Jamee Gregory 
 Bill Torrey and Elaine Langone 
 Venket Varadarajan, Shaquille Riley, and Raniel Perez 
 BCNY Musicians 
 BCNY Musicians performing 
 Allie Hanley, Ed Rappa, Jackie Williams, Dean Poll, Elaine Langone, and Doug Band 
 Elaine Langone and Ken Langone 
 Curt Curtis and Courtney Booth 
 Bill Torrey and Elaine Langone 
 Elaine Langone, Jackie Williams, Jeanne Jones, Friederike Biggs, and Nancy Phelan 
 Jamee and Peter Gregory 
 Maureen Klinsky, Gabrielle Bacon, and Sara Ayres 
 Tom Raibaldi with Living Legends' Honoree Pauli, working Guide Dog and Dr. Nicole Leibman, Head of Oncology 
 Dr. Mark Macina, Dermatologist, Dr. Nicole Leibman, Head of Oncology, Matt and Michel with Magik the Cat - Living Legends' Honoree, Kate Coyne, CEO, Dr. Wiles, Oncology Resident 
 AMC Trustee, Mal Schwartz and Laura Tryon 
 Kate Coyne, CEO, Dr. Mark Macina, Dermatologist, Isabella the Dachushund - Living Legends' Honoree, and Pattie Berman 
 Nancy Kissinger and guest 
 Luncheon Co-Chairs, Barbara Hoffman, Helene Stein, Kane Nussbaum, Eva Usdan, Marilyn Sorenson, Janet York 
 Professor Iris Love, AMC Trustee and Dr. Ann Hohenhaus 
 AMC Trustee Cass Adelman and guest 
 AMC Trustee Kathy Rayner and William Rayner and Kate Coyne, CEO 
 Diana Taylor, Tina Brown, Leymah Gbowee, Rachel Lloyd, and Ana Oliveira 
Mariachi Flor de Toloache—New York City’s “only all-female mariachi band”
 Ana Oliveira 
 Ginny Day and Yvonne Moore 
 Leymah Gbowee addresses the crowd 
 Susan R. Cullman 
 Jennifer Buffett 
 Leymah Gbowee and Abigail Disney 
 Jennifer Buffett and Rachel Lloyd 
 Taina Bien-Aimé, Rachel Lloyd, Susan Fulwiler, Anita Channapati, Jean Shafiroff, Kwanza Butler, and Jennifer Giacobbe 
 Jennifer Giacobbe 
 Ana Oliveira, Diana Taylor, and Sid Bass 
 Betty Terrell-Cruz and Ginny Day 
 Maureen Nash, Alexandra Papanicolaou, Matt Semino, Chani Churchill, Lauren Matina, and Samantha Strockis
 Joe Romano, Bri-Ann Ladowski, Lauren Matina, and Bruce Eckfeldt 
 Matt and Linette Semino 
 John Churchill and Gregory Todd 
 Regina Noroutite, Sabrina Martin, and Susanne Schalin 
 Jen Zweibel, Vanessa Martin, Samantha Manheimer, Linda Sondik, and Tanya Boulton 
 Melissa Epperly and Mauren Nash 
 Jeffery Caldwell, Alexandra Papanicolaou, Benner Ulrich, and Samantha Whiting 
 Elizabeth Rockman and Lauren Perry 
 Karl Wellner, Tatiana and Thorne Perkin 
 Christian Johnson, Sonia Sparolini, and Page Leidy 
 Suzie Ganjei and Dov Marmor 
 Brian Anderson and Gregory Todd 
 Lydia Tower, Aleksandra Cragg, and Barbara Regna 
 Emily Keown and Tyler Horvath 
 David Reed and David Gavazzi 
 Ward Eagan, Kerry O'Day, and Sarah Leif 
 Arun Barua and Jen King 
 Bill Kelly, Kim Grad, Christina Maloney, and Lindsey Kelly 
 David Gavazzi, Audi Martel, Eric Vukmirovich,  Elise James-DeCruise, and David Reed 
 Charles Renfro and Capera Ryan 
 Clare McKeon, Capera Ryan, Elizabeth Belfer, Pauline Willis, Stephanie La Nasa, and Stephanie Clark 
 Shirin von Wulffen and Olivia Chantecaille
 Ariun Sanjaajamts, Jeffrey Falt, Oyungerel Tsedevdamba,  Sheldon Root Severinghaus, and Pauline Willis 
 Katia Graytok, Jason Herrick, and Kristen von Summer Waldorf 
 Renee Belfer and Elizabeth Belfer 
 Abigail Baratta and Amanda Waldron 
 Stephanie Clark, Scott Manning, and Adolfo Zaralegui 
 BJ Topol, Kay Childs, and Adrienne Conzelman 
 Clare McKeon and Ruth Appelhof 
 Chris Cirgenski and Pauline Willis 
 Ashleigh Fernandez and Jerry Caldari 
 Jackie Didier, Amy Connor, Miller Gaffne, and Elizabeth Belfer 
 Nancy Jane Loewy 
 Stephanie La Nasa, Elizabeth Belfer,  Chris Cirgenski, Capera Ryan, Clare McKeon, and Stephanie Clark 
 Elisabeth Karpidas, Capera Ryan, Sheryl Mass, Deborah Scott, and Anna-Sophia van Zweden 
 Elena Caggiano, Sarah Turpin, Toby Usnik, and Alice Hunsberger 
 Pauline Willis, Capera Ryan, Kianga Ellis, and Jacqueline Didier 
 Ann Levine, Honey Cook, and Lisa Fuld 
 Mike Tadross and Dr. Georgia Hope Witkin 
 Steve Guttenberg and Mike Tadross 
 Michele Herbert and Dr. Georgia Hope Witkin 
 Andrea Stark and Adrien Arpel 
 Susan Allen, Michele Wolkoff, and Arlene Reed 
 Carmen Marc Valvo fashion 
 LaShonda Reese with Mike Herman Band 
 Kelly King with Mike Herman Band 
 Bay Bryan with Mike Herman Band 
 Jason Liebman with Mike Herman Band 
 Ron Grant and Dr. Cece McCarton 
 Jordyn Kopin, Dr. Cece McCarton, and Lily Khaykina 
 Laura Linney and Marc Schauer 
 Mrs Govindr.ajan, Sujata Yellavlli, Radhika Athreya, and Mr Govindrajan 
 Robert Mofenson and June Pintchik 
 LaShonda Reese and Gedeon Luke 
 Daisy Chaplin, Laura Linney, and David Brymer 
 Steve Earle and Allison Earle 
 Allison Walmark, Ethan Walmark, and Michael Walmark 
 Gwen Salakaia and Gwen Chelidze 
 Molly Sebastian and Brian Kennedy 
 Andreas  and Katie Hildebrand 
American Patrons co-chairs and Masterpiece London organizers at the New York kick-off reception for Masterpiece London.
 Mario Buatta, Ellie Cullman, Geoffrey Bradfield, Susan Gutfreund, Audrey Gruss, and Jamie Drake 
 Philip Hewat-Jaboor, Nazy Vassegh, Nicola Winwood, and Thomas Woodham-Smith 
 Timothy Van Dam and Ron Wagner 
 Sheila Camera Kotur, Mario Buatta, and Andrea Robinson 
 Rod Keenan 
 Edgar Cullman and Ellie Cullman 
 lyssa Urban, John Murray, and Lee Cavanaugh 
 Jennifer Ceasar 
 Thomas Woodham-Smith, Bennett Weinstock, and Michael Simon 
 Greg Kwiat and Dana Kiyomura 
 Daisy Sanders and Fred Hill 
 Julia Noran and Joshua Burcham 
 Dennis Rolland 
 Maureen Footer and Daniel Hamparsumyan 
 Mitchell Owens, Ellie Cullman,  Ilene Wetson, Cub Barrett, and Alison Levasseur 
 Richard Dragisic, William Brockschmidt, and Tom Scheerer 
 William Secord, Bruce Bierman, Juan Montoya, and Urban Karlsson 
 Henry Neville 
 Ronald Mayne and Debare Saunders 
 Ellie Cullman, Tom Britt, Ilene Wetson, and Ronald Bricke 
 Bruce Bierman, William Secord, and Audrey Gruss 
 Constantino Castellano, Christopher Hyland, Geoffrey Bradfield, and Kyle Marshall 
 Christian Hemmerle, Sylvie Hemmerle, Stefan Hemmerle, Sandra Nunnerley, andEllie Cullman 
 Philip Hewat-Jaboor and Sandra Nunnerley 
 Mark Gilbertson and Cub Barrett 
 Fabiana Faria and Helena Barquet 
 Thomas Jayne and Tom Britt 
 Nicola Winwood, Philip Hewat-Jaboor, Margaret Russell, Ellie Cullman, Thomas Woodham-Smith, and Nazy Vassegh 
 Michel Witmer and Wendy Moonan 
 Nazy Vassegh, Thomas Woodham-Smith, and Koichi Hara 
 The  tent in the Conservatory Garden of Central Park 
 Alan and Jen Goldfarb with David Richman 
 Alan and Jen Goldfarb with Sarah and Eric Lane 
 Eric Lane, Dr. Kenneth L. Davis, Dr. Bonnie M. Davis, Sarah Lane, Leni May, Peter W. May 
 Diane and Marc Spilker 
 Dr. Dennis S. Charney and Andrea Charney 
 Dr. Louis DePalo and Lauren DePalo 
 Eric and Sarah Lane 
 Jean and Jim Crystal 
 Walter Williamson, MD, JD and Karen Zier, PhD 
 Dr. Eva Andersson-Dubin and Glenn Dubin 
 Eric and Sarah Lane 
 Barbara Murphy, MD and Peter Fogarty 
 Ellen and Howard C. Katz 
 Carl Icahn and Dr. Kenneth L. Davis, MD 
 Jason Subotky and Anne Akiko Meyers 
 Jill and Peter Kraus 
 Lauren DePalo and Dr. Louis DePalo 
 Patti Fuchs and Dr. Wayne Fuchs 
 Stacey and Eric Mindich 
Dr. Lawrence Herbert
Ricardo Winter, Loren Herbert, Michele Herbert, Dr. Lawrence Herbert, Lisa Winter, Victoria Herbert, and Richard Herbert
Michele and Dr. Lawrence Herbert
Kristin and John Miller
Nancy and Stuart Rabinowitz (President of Hofstra University)
Dr. Mindy Fried and Dr. Arno Fried
Missy and Rich Faul
 Taranjeet Ahuja
Michele Herbert, Paul Lane, and Brenda Lane
Alan and Susan Kelly
Victoria Herbert, Susan Kremer, Jerry Kremer, and Lisa Winter
Barbara Friedlander and Jill Rabin
 Hamish Bowles, Milly de Cabrol, Tom Quick, Becca Cason Thrash, Michael Cominotto, Sara Dodd-Spickelmier, and James Andrew at Lighthouse International's "POSH Affair."
 Mark and June Ackermann 
 Mark Ackermann, Julie Wainwright, Rober Verdi, Lorry Newhouse, and Alex Hitz 
 Di Mondo 
 Arlene Dahl and Marc Rosen 
 Alexandra Lebenthal, Ann Windblad, Julie Wainwright, and Kay Koplovitz 
 Sharon Bush 
 Julie Yannuzzi and Dr. Lawrence Yannuzzi 
 John Catsimatidis and Margo Catsimatidis 
 Linda Gaunt, Yolanda Wardowski, Ann Winzlad, Julie Wainwright, Amy Fine Collins, and Kay Koplovitz 
 Dennis Basso, Michael Cominotto, Marco Scarani, and Jamie Creel 
 Laura Lofaro Freeman, Marlyne Sexton, and Felicia Taylor 
 Darren Henault and Margo MacNabb Nederlander 
 Carol Mack, Charles Atkins, Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia, Marina Rust Conner, and Michael Cominotto 
 Alan Patricof and Susan Patricof 
 Emel Zilek, Lorie Broser, and Jessica Abraham 
 Bruce Addison, Jamie Creel, Lisa Fine, and James Andrew 
 Mark Newhouse and Jesse Newhouse 
 Mike Faherty and Serena Tufo 
 James Lowther, Lauren Schneider, and Jeremy Lewis 
 Nin Cooper, Sandra Parks, and Mark Anthony 
 Kenneth Jay Lane and Amy Fine Collins 
 Agatha Mordacq and Robert Couturier 
 Dr. Karen Burke, Tom Murro, and Jean Shafiroff 
 Alex Hitz, Annette Tapert, and Dennis Basso 
 Rati Sahi Levesque, Hamish Bowles, and Julie Wainwright 
 Angela Ho, Jonathan Farkas, Somers Farkas, Bayo Ogunlesi, Emilia Ogunlesi, and Amsala Aberra 
 Barbara Tober and Boo Grace 
 Mario Buatta and Yanna Avis 
 B Michael and Catherine Chenaut 
 Steven Stolman and Rich Wilkie 
 Eve 
 Mark Sanchez 
 Michael Shannon 
 Julia Stegner 
 Rachael Taylor 
 Megan Hilty 
 Piper Perabo 
 Anna Wood and Dane DeHaan 
 Mort Zuckerman 
 Ezra Koenig 
 Nanette Lepore 
 Kelly Rutherford 
 Brad Goreski 
 Vera Wang 
 Leonardo DiCaprio, Baz Luhrmann, and Carey Mulligan 
 Jeff R Bridgman Antiques 
 Clinton Howell 
 Lydia Melaed Johnson, Emily Collins, Abigail Starliper, and Maggie Moore 
 Aiza Keesey, Lydia Melaed Johnson, and Doreen Ho 
  Missy Goldberg, Kelly Kannen, and Zach Deegan 
 Brittany Millman and Lainey Yang 
 Tiffany Niem, Pauline Eveillard, and Julie Mcaskin 
 Mark Helliar, Michael Franks, and Mark Lyman 
 Mikel Witte, George Nelson, and Bettina Nelson 
 Robbie Gordy, Catherine Smith, and Adam Hurly 
 Irene Aitken and Clinton Howell 
 Yew Tree House Antiques 
 Patrick Bavasi 
 Timothy Thompson, Maggie Moore, and Andrew Ogletree 
 Alan Hedrick, Tyler Cornelius, and Stephanie Marie Pallock 
 Tiffany Frasier and Derek Brown 
 Taylor Brown, Sophia Gangei, Katie Fong, and Owen Biglin 
 Baroness Sheri de Borchgrave, Ian Shapolsky, and Akiko Saito 
 Tim Birnbaum and Peter Milligan 
 Dr. Annette Rickel, Hillary Dick, Madeline Weinrib, and Kim Flaster 
 Robyn Joseph and Gretchen Gunlocke 
 Coco Kopelman and Madeline Weinrib 
 Leslie Jones, Dr. Annette Rickel, Minou Pirasteh, and Gail Hilson 
 Elena Kornbluth, Christopher Heydon, and Amy Raitter Dwek 
 Stephanie Loeffler and Nina Reeves 
 Tim Nagler and Nancy Coffey Nagler 
 Board Chair Ray Cameron and Honoree Michael Stubbs 
 Head of School Wendy Reynoso and Honoree Christine LaSala 
 The Storefront Choir 
 Honoree Michael Stubbs, Kim Landrigan and Gala Co-Chairs Michael and Lise Evans 
 Storefront Students greeting Trustee Amanda Low and guests 
 Trustee Maria Vecchiotti and  Ilene Nadel 
 Trustee John Forbes, Guests Dan Williams, Kristen Williams, Andrea Forbes and Eric Rivers 
 Trustee George Weiksner, WABC Reporter and emcee Kemberly Richardson, Board Chair Ray Cameron 
 Storefront students 
 Peter and Anne-Marie Embiricos 
 Vanessa Cornell, Sandra Ripert, and Erica Karsch 
 Gabby Karan, Gala Co-Chair Lise Evans, and Gian Paolo DeFelice 
 John Frawley, Rob Kuhbach, Candace Frawley, and Veronica Stubbs 
Aby Rosen and Samantha Boardman
Vito Schnabel, Joseph Mizzi, Haley Mellin, and Stavros Niarchos
Eddie Milstein Lyor Cohen
Alberto Mugrabi  and Vito Schnabel
Stefan Bondell
Mario, Nchimunya Wulf, Joseph Mizzi, and Jeff Zalaznick
Joseph Mizzi, Marla Bienvenida, Bernard James, and Nchimunya Wulf
 Veronique Gabai-Pinsky and Marc Rosen 
 Kyle Calvert 
 Vivi Feng 
 Alexandra Haime 
 Jeff Bellantoni, Vivi Feng, and Kashsia Rahman 
 Juliana Curran Terian, Mike Pratt, Lesa Wang, and Lauren Giordano 
 Marc Rosen, Juliana Curran Terrian, and Mark Ackerman 
 Bruce Gitlin, Thomas Schutte, Tess Schutte, and Kashsia Rahman 
 Arlene Dahl, Donald Stannard, and Annette Green 
 Catherine Malandrino and Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 
 Nicolas Mirzayantz, Agathe Lerolle, Veronique Gabai-Pinsky, and Joe Pinsky 
 Event Co-Chairs Ronit Berkman, Stacey Bronfman, and Debi Wisch 
 Nomi Ghez 
 Amy Rose Silverman and Tracey Pruzan 
 Kathy and Keith Sachs and Ruth Beesch 
 Lisa Klein and Debi Wisch 
 Margie Weingarten, Buffy Sahlman, and Marjorie Loeb 
 Lynn Halbfinger and Lynn Tobias 
 Darren Henault and Michael Hainey 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson, Dr. Lisa Airan, and Jamie Pallot 
 Dr. Douglas Steinbrech and Melissa Berkelhammer 
 Hannah Griswold, Brooke Cundiff, and Yesim Philip 
 James Reginato and Fern Mallis 
 Nancy Novogrod, Darren Henault, and Brooke Cundiff 
 John Howard 
 Peter Charrington and Isabel Carden 
 Duncan Niederauer and Richard Cunningham 
 Rodney Johnson and Mark Alexander 
 Vivien Gurfein and Mary Ridge 
 Oscar Camargo and Jennifer Considine 
 Ellen Baker, Donald Putnam, and Suzanne Currie 
 Dana Lowey Luttway and Lisa Fiorito Mackessy 
 Jennifer Leyton and Sara Broderick 
 Lady Weatherstone and Jennifer Johnson 
 Bridget McDermott, Robert Del Greco, and Ana Leibowitz 
 Isabel Carden, Jamie Niven, and Jackie Scanlan 
 Erin Fogarty and Eli Mou 
 Tara McDonough and John McKay 
 Bridget McDermott and Jim Walker 
 Danny Lopez and Viscount Astor 
 Andre Desmarais 
 Colonel Ed Parker and Captain Guy Disney 
 Alexandra Herzan, Podie Lynch, Anne Mai, Mary Pedersen, Nancy Farrell, Kitty de Chazal, Carolyn MacKenzie, Lorna Hyde Graev, and Patricia Begley 
 Kenn Dudek and Andrew Solomon 
 Andrew Solomon 
 Andrew Solomon and Kenn Dudek 
 Ralph Aquila and Lorna Hyde Graev 
 Podie Lynch and Kitty de Chazal 
 Patricia Beard and Carolyn MacKenzie 
 Jackie Drexel, Kari Tiedemann, and Lorna Hyde Graev 
 Jim Luce and Andrew Solomon 
 Karen Cox and Mary Pedersen 
 Lorna Hyde Graev, Louise Ross, and Beatrice Van Roijen 
 Joe Tursone and Mary Ingriselli 
 Dr. Robert Hilt, Victoria Costello, Dr. David Reiss, Andrea Roy, and Consuelo Mack 
 Lorna Hyde Graev, Elizabeth Fiore, and Laura Bohn 
 Ann Barish, Jane Murray, Claudia LaMere, and Tricia Lint 
 Alistair Hanna and Nancy Hanna 
 Kaitlin O'Brien, Nancy Farrell, and Jeremy Goldstein 
 David Sherrill and Sunny Hayward 
 Larry Graev, Lorna Hyde Graev, Maria Spears, Linda Silverman, Patricia Beard, and David Braga 
 Lorna Hyde Graev and Larry Graev 
 Frances Adler, Jackie Drexel, and Amanda Haynes-Dale 
 Mark Gilbertson, Jackie Williams, and John Ferguson 
 Lee Auchincloss, Lea Cornell, and Alexandra Herzan 
 Kristi Witker and Stephanie Stokes 
 Jackie Weld Drake and Katherine Bryan 
 Elizabeth Peabody and Diane van Amerongen 
 Sharon Handler Loeb 
 Kitty McKnight and Diane van Amerongen 
 Katie Tozer and Courtney Arnot 
 Dr. Holly Bannister, Martha Stewart, Memrie Lewis, and Barbara Cirkva Schumacher 
 Sculptures by Charles Johnson
 Booth by PAGODA RED
 Booth by BOB and DEBBIE WITHINGTON
 Booth by JEFFREY HENKEL
 Judy Steinhardt, Gregory Long, and Susan Burke 
 Charlotte Barnes and Bunny Williams 
 John Roselli and Bunny Williams 
 Lee Black and Cece Black
 Kaileah Christie-Fogg and Michael Fogg
 Amy Todd Middleton and Betsy Ruprecht
 Daisy Helman and Charles Johnson
 Tom Gottsleben
 Dottie Goldfrank and Lionel Goldfrank
 Jeremy and Friederike Biggs
 Alexandra Lebenthal and John Beitel
 Jack Staub
 Michel Witmer
 Booth by TELESCOPES OF VERMONT
 Bob Hardwick and Coleman Burke
 Taking in the fireworks display at the Carson residence
 Taking in the fireworks display at the Schafer residence
On the terrace of the Scurry residence
 Justin Gibbons and Johannes Worsoe 
 Lucinda Ross, Ryan Ross, Ainar Aijala, and Suzie Aijala 
 Sally Cummins and Robert Cummins 
 Bill Fried and Wolter Korijn 
 Jim Leary and Anne Shearman Betts 
 Joycelyn Engle, Lauren Lawrence, and Julianne Michelle 
 Myrna Small 
 Pam Goldie-Morrison, Duncan Goldie-Morrison, Anne Louvel, and Alain Louvel 
 Sam Gordon, Judy Carson, and Russ Carson 
 Amanda Brainard, Ursula Striker, and Charles Brainard 
 Annette Rickel, Alexis Mersentes, and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Bonnie Strauss and Dr. Roger Gould 
 Didi Schafer, Oscar Schafer, and Daisy Soros 
 Grace Leo and Lois Massen 
 James Green Didi Schafer, and Freddie Sayers 
 Christina Roe, Allison Ross, David Ross, and Kevin Roe 
 Erica Juneja, Betsy Schiff, Robert Juneja, and Pam Scurry 
 Richard Peterson, Pamela Scurry, Howard Stein, Jessica Palmer, and Bill Waller 
 Richard Scully and Pam Scully 
 Diana Vagelos, Roy Vagelos, and Gillian Sorensen 
 Natalia Nastaskin, Doug Blonsky, and Gillian Sorensen 
 Gary Felsher and Michele Felsher 
 Joan Jakobson, Kitty Berry, and Liz Peek 
 Nader Ahari, Kristin Olney, and Ali Granmayeh 
 Nancy Paduano, Aditi Malhotra, Piyali Kothari, and Judith Paduano 
 Susan Motamedy, Nader Motamedy, Suzanne Cochran, and Bob Cochran 
 Dan Paduano and Nader Motamedy 
 Jennifer Bakker and Anna Schecter 
 Chris Coyne, Alexandra Dean, and David Toby 
 Diane Guenther, Pipa Dichter, and Mary Wallach 
 Jeff Tarr, Patsy Tarr, and Andrew Tobias 
 Stephanie Young, Lou Rosenfeld, Patti Cohen, and Harvey Cohen 
 Barbara McLaughlin, Sadie Sink, Michael Scully, and Peter Van de Wetering 
Sadie Sink singing for the guests
Eleni's red tulip cookies
 Karen Klopp and Cece Cord 
 Patricia and Stephen Attoe 
 Anne Ford, Missie Rennie, and Tina Sloan 
 Stephanie Stokes 
 Dan Garodnick, Deborah Foord, and Jo-Ann Polise 
 Shirley King 
 Veve Wheeler, Barbara McLaughlin, Susie Branch, and Ken Bijur 
 Eugenie Niven 
 Mario Buatta, Caroline Mehta, and Kathleen Lamborn 
 Dr Annette Rickel 
 Derek and Nicole Limbocker with Tina Sloan 
 Anki Leeds, Jamie Figg, and Anne Ford 
 Sharon Bush and Jamie Figg 
 Kathy Forgan and Konrad Keesee 
 Caroline and Jose Los Arcos 
 Tom Gibb and Robert Lindgren 
 Michael Scully, Andrea Fahnestock, and George Hambrecht 
 JB Glass, Martha Glass, and John Glass 
 Martha Glass, Nina Griscom, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Lisa Selby, and Vebjørn Sand 
 Evelyn Tompkins, Clay Tompkins, and Karen Tompkins 
 Maggie Norris 
 Karen, Clay, and Susan Tompkins 
 Kevin McLaughlin, Stephen Attoe, Robert Caravaggi, and Jay Jolly 
 Seton Melvin and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Kate and Alex Donner 
 Artist Navin June Norling 
 Artists Jen Catron and Paul Outlaw Dinner Performance 
 Alissa Friedman and friend 
 Artist Navin June Norling, Nasoan Sheftel-Gomes, and Emily Noelle Lambert 
 Bob O'Leary and Simone Joseph 
 Director Arnold Lehman in Photo Booth with Brooklyn Museum Fans 
 Gallerist Allegra La Viola and Artist Vadis Turner 
 Guests with Artist JosÃ© ParlÃ¡ 
 Honoree Barbara Knowles Debs 
 May and Jane Cohan and Guest 
 New York Giants Cornerback Prince Amukamara and Friend 
 Honoree Vik Muniz and friends
 Steven P. Harrington and Jaime Rojo of Brooklyn Street Art, and Artist Patrick Miller of FAILE 
 Karen LeFrak, Julia Koch, and Shelley Carr 
Dr. Jose Baselga, Tullia Lindsten, Dr. Craig Thompson, Dr. Annette Rickel, James Hsieh and Emily Cheng 
 Diana Krall and Elvis Costello 
 Caryn Zucker, Muffie Potter Aston,Dr. Sherrell Aston, Michael Kennedy, Eleanora Kennedy, Muffie Potter Aston, and Caryn Zucker 
 Crystal Renn 
 Dr. Craig Thompson, Dr. Annette Rickel, and Dr. Robert Motzer 
 Jamie Tisch 
 Patsy and Sandy Warner 
 David  and Julia Koch 
 Lauren Remington Platt 
 Annabel Tollman 
 Rod Manley, Julia Roitfeld, and Zac Posen 
 Hilary Geary Ross and Wilbur Ross 
 Tim Nagler and Nancy Nagler 
 Gigi Mortimer, Perri Peltz Ruttenberg, and Sarah Ayres 
 Valerie De Boni and Graziano de Boni 
 Diana Krall 
 Dayssi Kanavos 
 Julia Roitfeld 
 Julia Koch, Carol Mack, and Joanne de Guardiola 
 Kamie Lightburn and Michel Whitmer 
 Graziano De Boni and Crystal Renn 
 Robert M. Morgenthau, Keith T. Banks, Raymond W. Kelly, and John Catsimatidis 
 Greg Kelly, Raymond W. Kelly, and Jim Kelly 
 Bart M. Schwartz, Raymond W. Kelly, and Lawrence Byrne 
 Charles A. Stillman and Lawrence B. Pedowitz 
 Daniel Rose and Howard J. Rubenstein 
 Gary P. Naftalis, Hon. Milton Mollen, and Hon. John W. Sweeny 
 John A. Catsimatidis and Keith T. Banks 
 John B. Osborn and Robert J. McGuire 
 Kathy Lacey, Diana Taylor, Linda Janklow, and Mary Boies 
 Peter L. Zimroth and Stephen E. Kaufman 
 Robert M. Morgenthau and Raymond W. Kelly 
 Raymond W. Kelly and Patrick J. Lynch 
 Rikki Klieman and William J. Bratton 
 Robert B. Fiske, Jr. and James F. Gill 
The scene at  The Breast Cancer Research Foundation's  annual Hot Pink Party, ¡Viva Fiesta!
 Elizabeth Hurley and Leonard Lauder 
 Vera Wang, Myra Biblowit, and Donna Karan 
 Stacie Kiratsous and Dr. Larry Norton 
 Kate Hudson and Kay Krill 
 Sam Feldman, Anthony von Mandl, and Leonard Lauder 
 Judith Schlager, Roz Goldstein, and Sandy Krakoff 
 Aerin Lauder and Michael Kors 
 Gayle King 
 Lois Robbins, Andrew Zaro, and Lizzie and Jonathan Tisch 
 Kate Hudson, Arlene and Joseph Taub, and Kay Krill 
 Robert Kraft and Leonard Lauder 
 Maria Baum and Steve Freidheim 
 Terri and Jerry Kohl 
 Carolee Friedlander, Eileen Youtie, Dr. Shulamit Katzman, Abby Katzman, and Alexandra Trower 
 Claire Lea-Howarth, Mary Erdoes, Philip Erdoes, Nelle Miller, and Robert Baynard 
 William Lauder, Lori Kanter-Tritsch, and Mary-Ann and Fabrizio Freda 
 Tim O'Connor, Laura Lang, Jane Hudis, and Dr. Clifford Hudis 
 Lisa Klein, Kinga Lampert, and Larry Baum 
 Elizabeth Smart speaks to the guests 
 Valesca Guerrand-Hermes, Elizabeth Smart, Elizabeth Mayhew, and Dr. Mary Pulido 
 Shelia Brantley and Jessica Jorde 
 Dr. Mary Pulido, Elizabeth Smart, David Stack, and Elizabeth Mayhew 
 Steve Forrester and Judge Edwina Richardson Mendelson 
 Kathleen Giordano, Matt Semino, Sabrina Martin, and Karl G Wellner 
 Cathy Price and Cathy Rasenberger 
 Francis Rivera, Tina Storper, Gigi Stone Woods, and Susan Shin 
 Frederick Anderson, Valesca Guerrand-Hermes, and Eva Jeanbart-Lorenzotti 
 Robin Meltzer and Lisa Lori 
 Gigi Stone Woods, Dr Dendy Engelman, Jamie Colby, and Kimberly Guilfoyle 
 Jennifer Oken, Diandra de Morrell Douglas, and Karen Klopp 
 Chani Churchill and Jennifer Kang 
 Simone Mailman, Mary Hilliard, and Jennifer Creel 
 Holly Hunt, Mary Snow, and Diana DiMenna 
 Paula Zahn,Tania Higgins, Kelly Rutherford, and Nathalie Kaplan 
 Valesca Guerrand-Hermes, Coralie Paul, and Cristina Cuomo 
 Michael Conlon, Dawne Marie Grannum, Kathleen Giordano, Joy Marks, and Victor de Souza 
 David Stack, Boo Grace, and Somers Farkas 
Dr. Carolyn Rodriguez
Rosemarie Lieberman, Susan Ferris, Aspasia Zoumas, Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman, Patsy Kahn, and Annette Swanstrom
Emma Moinian, Shirin Moinian, Vajihe Soleymani, Farima Damavandi, Stephanie Moinian, and Farah Moinian
Elena Patterson, Rosemarie Lieberman, Sarah Long Solomon, and Annette Swanstrom
Betsy Frowein and Aspasia Zoumas
Jeanette Ohebshalom, Farah Moinian, and Marjan Yaraghi
Margie Furniss, Mary Elliott, and Bo Bartlett
Dr. Anna Chapman
Andrew Solomon and Elbrun Kimmelman
Dana Buchman, Lori Rosenfeld, Sarah Long Solomon, and John Habich Solomon
Carolyn Atkinson, Ann Thomas, David Horton, Yvonne Dunleavy, Amanda Bowman, and Lyn Paulsin
Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman, Patricia Rosenwald, Andrew Solomon, and Rosemarie Lieberman
Liliane Peck, Jennifer Weis Monsky, Alice Elgart, and Karen Astrachan
 Rosemarie Lieberman, Leonardo Farkas, Betina Farkas, and Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman 
 Mariluz Giron, Patricia Rosenwald, and Virginia Millhiser 
Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman, Dr. Holly Moore, George Handran, Annette Swanstrom, and Ralph Aquila
 Teresa Melhado and Charlotte Ford
Sarah Long Solomon, Andrew Solomon, and Dr. Anke Ehrhardt
Robert Candler, Marianne Mebane, Faye Robson, and Rosemarie Lieberman
Berta Escurra, Annette Swanstrom, Rosemarie Lieberman, and Claudia McNulty-Jensen
 Charlotte Ford, Donna Hanover, and Diana Feldman 
 Charlotte Ford, Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman, and Dr. Patricia Cayne 
Curtis Milhaupt and Dr. Betsy Fitelson
 Megan Hilty performs 
            at Tiffany & Co.'s  Blue Book Ball at Rockefeller Center.
 Tiffany & Co. 2013 Blue Book Collection 
 Gwyneth Paltrow
Barbara  and Michael Kowalski 
Thomas Hayo and Countess Gitta Lambsdorff 
Kate Hudson
Amy Fine Collins
Carey Mulligan
Stephane Lafay and Kurara Chibana
 James Aguiar,  Alessandra Emanuel, Robert Rufino, and Thomas  Lamshire 
 Jessica Biel, Michael Kowalski, and Carey Mulligan
 Sha Xiao-li and Jiang Jiang 
 Siham Tueni, Susan Mussa, Aline Watfa, Caroline Kassia 
 Sumiko and Akira Hosoya 
 Jazz man Brian Newman and gang
 Dinner in the Rotunda 
 Dancing in the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life 
 Dinner in the Theodore Roosevelt Rotunda 
 Zibby and Andrew Right 
 Steven Cutler and Emily Stoler 
 Melissa Hawks 
 Will and Catherine Ulrich 
 Daniel Oppenheim, Gabby Goldberg, and Leeor Farhadian 
 Alexandra Lind Rose and Elizabeth Kurpis 
 Alison Minton and Michel Witmer 
 Jennie Tarr Coyne and Carrie Bobroff 
 Kipp and Colleen deVeer, Heather and William Woodbridge 
 Taylor Jackson, Wendy Reyes, and Courtney Braun 
 Caren Brooks 
 Ivanka Trump and Lauren Remington Platt 
 Bettina Benett, Di Mondo, and Barbara Regna 
 Jon and Elizabeth Kurpis 
 Ivanka Trump 
 DJ Jus-Ske 
 Mike and Nina Patterson 
 Rebecca Regan and Melanie Lazenby 
 Ann Huntington, Katherine Zarrella, Alex Cohen, Liz Cebron 
 Michaela Davis and Lizzie Brown 
 Athena Liu 
 Bettina Bennett, Barbara Regna, and Di Mondo 
 Emily Kerschner, Amanda Listfield, and Monica Tessler 
 Sofia Sanchez Barrenechea and friend 
 Philippe de Montebello, Henri Loyrette, Christopher Forbes, and Ambassador Francois Delattre 
 Ambassador Francois Delattre, Philippe de Montebello, and Guy Wildenstein 
 Michael Shapiro and Christopher Forbes 
 Angela Chen and H.I.H. the Prince Napoleon 
 Carl Pascarella, San Lee, and Aeyung Park-deMelo 
 Diana Picasso, Julia de Rouvray, Max Blumberg, Sylvia de Cuevas, and Victoria Cummock 
 Elizabeth Gerschel, Christopher Forbes, and Cynthia Friedman 
 Elizabeth McGehee, Katherine McGehee, and Guy Harley 
 Elizabeth Stribling, Elizabeth Gerschel, and Guy Robinson 
 Farhana Ahmed, Anne de la Gueronniere, and Whitney Larkin 
 Jamar Bosan, Anne de la Gueronniere, Meghan Thrash, and Curtis Young 
 Lorraine George-Harik, Victoria Bjorklund, and Hank Bjorklund 
 Michael Spalter, Allegra Burnette, and H.I.H. Prince Napoleon 
 Tom Hill, Janine Hill, and Henri Loyrette 
The dinner scene at Whitney Museum of American Art's 22nd Annual American Art  Award.
 Brooker Garber Neidich and Neil Bluhm 
 Martin Margulies 
 Michael Ward Stout and Adam Weinberg 
 Michael Margulies, David Margulies, Martin Margulies, Adam Weinberg, and Jay Jacobson 
 Reed Krakoff, Brooke Garber Neidich, and Adam Weinberg 
 Meredith Russo 
 Tom Otterness, Colen Fitzgibbon, and Adam Weinberg 
 Rachel Robison, Kate Lupo, and Jay Lupo 
 Anita Contini, Melva Bucksbaum, Steve van Anden, and Anne Pasternak 
 Mary Boone 
 Adam Weinberg, Glenn Ligon, Marilyn Minter, and Bill Miller 
 Max Snow and Vanessa Traina 
 Elizabeth Sussman and Lorraine Ferguson 
 Laurie Tisch and Dorrit Moussaieff 
 Jeff Koons, Brooke Garber Neidich, and Glenn Fuhrman 
 Michael Ward Stout and Lisa Denison 
 Roni Horn and Donna de Salvo 
 Lauren Mechling and Ruth Altcek 
 Ellen Levine, Tina Schwartz, Stephen Schwartz, Richard Levine, Kris Dorfer, and Lauri Carey 
 Marie Amelie Sauve 
 Dorrit Moussaieff, Susan Hess, , Vito Schnabel, Beth Rudin DeWoody, and Jack Shear 
 Stephanie Szostak 
 Pierre Rougier, Valerie Hermann, and Stefano Tonchi 
 Monica Eulitz 
 Sheree Hovsepian, Rashid Johnson, and Wangechi Mutu 
 Ann Tannenbaum and Vanessa Cornell 
 Joanna Leonhardt Casullo, Beth Rudin DeWoody, Amy Phelan, and Anne Pasternak 
 Scott Rothkopf, Allison Kanders, and Warren Kanders 
 Ahn Duong and Stella Schnabel 
 John Phelan, Marilyn Minter, Roni Horn, and Bill Miller 
 Martha Wainwright 
 Christine Teigen, John Legend, and Elizabeth Olsen 
 Lise Evans and Michael Evans 
 Jilly Stephens, Christine Teigen, John Legend, Eric Ripert, Sondra Ripert, Elizabeth Olsen, and Richard Gere 
 Arthur and Liana Backal 
 Barry Rice, Geoffrey Zakarian, Ted Allen, and Marc Murphy 
 Domingo Zapata 
 Nana Meriwether, Eric Ripert, Sondra Ripert, Richard Gere, Olivia Culpo, and Marc Murphy 
 Eddie Ayala and Jilly Stephens 
 Olivia Culpo and Nana Meriwether 
 Eric Ripert and Richard Gere 
 Nicholas Lowry, Eric Ripert, and Richard Gere 
 Ted Allen 
 Atmosphere 
 Eric Ripert, Marc Murphy, Olivia Culpo, Geoffrey Zakarian, and Chris Santos 
 Sarah Fiszel, Gigi Grimstad, and Carole Jain 
 Lise Evans and Erica Karsch 
 Geoffrey Zakarian, Margaret Williams, Kristen Glosserman, and Marc Glosserma 
 Rita  and Ernie Bogen 
 Melissa Liberty and Jennifer Arcure 
 James Druckman, Tony Ingrao, Margaret Russell, Randy Kemper, Richard Mishaan, Jennifer Steinbrenner, Bunny Williams, Jamie Drake, and Daniel Quintero 
 Jennifer Steinbrenner and Susan Henshaw Jones 
 Bunny Williams 
 Tony Ingrao, Margaret Russell, and Randy Kemper 
 Susan Henshaw Jones and James Lebanthal 
 A  special performance by members of the Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club of "In the Heights" 
The dance floor at the 16th Annual ASPCA Bergh Ball.
 Lake Bell 
 Stephanie Kamfar 
 Carolina Herrera 
 Olivia Chantecaille, Lake Bell, and Allison Aston 
 Sasha Fraenkel, Martin Shafiroff, and Jean Shafiroff 
 Georgiana Bloomberg and  Mayor Michael Bloomberg 
 Wilbur Ross and Anna Carter 
 Barbara  and Peter Regna 
 Ed Sayres and Hoyle C. Jones 
 Melanie Lazenby and Fredrik Eklund 
 David Granville and Jeff Pfeifle 
 Chuck Scarborough and Kim White 
 Soledad O'Brien, Jessica Pliska, and Alina Cho 
 Mary Gallivam, Alan Patricof, and Susan Patricof 
 Dr. Dendy Engelman 
 Jason Wright, Brian Weinstein, and Jack Sullivan 
 Tunde Reddy, Sunder Reddy, and Gillian Pinchin 
 Nana Meriwether (Miss USA) 
 Steven Clausen, Anthony Patten, Jeffery Hecht, and John Babitt 
 Soledad O'Brien and Cesar Salcedo 
 Chet Wood, Debbie Wood, and Donna Choma 
 Alan Patricof and Jason Wright 
 Trudie Styler and Sting 
 Slater Jewell-Kemker 
 Rosie Perez, Nile Rodgers, David Rockefeller, Jr., and Susan Rockefeller 
 Devyn Abdullah 
 Johanna Bennett 
 Russell Peters 
 Ramona and Mario Singer 
 Nile Rodgers and Susan Rockefeller 
A.J. Calloway
 Nile Rodgers, Sting, and Sam Moore 
 Sam Moore 
 Nile Rodgers and Sting 
 Caryl Stern 
 Nile Rodgers and Nancy Hunt 
The dance floor at New Yorkers for Children's Tenth Annual Spring Dinner Dance - "A Fool's Fete."
 Dennis Paul and Coralie Charriol Paul 
 Julie Macklowe 
 Jill Kargman 
 Olivia Chantecaille 
 Sofia Sanchez Barrenechea 
 Danielle and Lara Schriffen 
 Nicky Hilton and James Rothschild 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson 
 Alina Cho 
 Sigrid Agren, Oh Land, Gabriela Cadena, Eniko Mihalik, and Lindsey Wixson 
 Crystal Renn 
 Susan Magazine and Vanessa Louis 
 Lisa Marie Fernandez and Nathalie Moar 
 Oluchi Orlandi 
  Eva Lorenzotti  from the back
 Eva Lorenzotti 
 Oluchi Orlandi and Stephanie Smith 
 David Lauren, Lauren Bush Lauren, Ashley Bush, Sharon Bush, R. Couri Hay, and Pierce Bush at Hale House's 2013 Spring Gala.
 Karen Pearl 
 Sandra Brown 
 Linda Fairstein, Nancy Mahon, Karen Pearl, and Sandra Brown 
 John Schwartz, Linda Fairstein, Sandra Brown and Danny Meyer 
 Sandra Silver, Michael Sennott, and Barbara Kummell 
 Danny Meyer 
 Scott Bruckner, Jon Nathanson, Richard Feldman, and David Ludwigson 
 Amanda Freitag 
 Vincente Wolf and Scott Bruckner 
 John Schwartz 
 Karen Pearl, Kathleen Zammit, and Victor Zammit 
 Margaret Russell 
 Chris Idone and Brad Learmonth 
 Jon Gilman and David Stark 
 Sandra Brown and Em Findley 
 Steven Williams and Felecia Webb 
 Neil Wilcox, Annie Murphy, Christine Larsen, Sharon Bush, and Gayle Jenning 
 Jeff Pikus, Nicole Noonan, Steven Knobel, Eliza Czander, Adam McGovern, Anya Assante, Brendan Lyle, and Sydney Lalonde 
 Barbara Winston and David Lauren 
 Patricia Clarkson, Janice Innis-Thompson, Frederick Anderson, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Alexandra Lebenthal, Jean Shafiroff, Chiu Ti Jansen, and friend
 Annie Murphy, Sharon Bush, Alex Donner, and Gayle Jenning 
 Yaz Hernandez, Valentin Hernandez, Bee-Shyuan Chang, Sylvester Miniter, Gillian Miniter, and Darren Henault 
 Darren Henault, Michael Bassett, Alecta Hill, Stanis Pelot, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Jody Formica, Zach Carter, Andrea Gibbs, Gigi Rosas, and Valentin Hernandez 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Jay Diamond 
 Lindsay Gebhart, Andrew Hampp, Alex Alorro, and Chelsea Mae 
 Anne-Marie Belli, Chele Chiavacci, and Yaz Hernandez 
 Nicole Miller, R. Couri Hay, and Janna Bullock 
 Neil H. Wilcox, Janice Innice-Thompson, Zackery Carter Esq., Annie Murphy, and Dominic Freud 
 Anya Assante, Anne Prentnieks, Sydney Lalonde, Mariana Gantis Joseph, Alex Wilkey, and Laura Land 
 Michael Alex Shuman with their children and Ruth Shuman 
 Michael Kors Table 
 Andy Oshran and Michelle Smith 
 Barbara Kohn, Eugene Kohn, and Honey Kurtz 
 Carlos Falchi 
 Bill Earle, Barbara Slifka, and David Levy 
 Daniel Roberts, Mark Di Suvero, and Emily Means 
 Dennis Walcott and Ruth Lande Shuman 
 Doria Delachapelle 
 Eleanor Banks and Jeffrey Banks 
 Eric Ellenbogen and Perri Peltz 
 Eugene Kohn, Ruth L. Shuman, and Jeffrey Banks 
 Jai Imbrey 
 Sheree Hovsepian and Rashid Johnson 
 Massimo Vignelli 
 Monika Parekh and Deven Parekh 
 Nicole Miller 
 Maureen Squibb, Sally Marks, Jane Sharp, and Dr. Karen Dodge 
 Lavina Baker, John P. McGreevy, and Dr. Rachel Docekal 
 Connie and Peter Geisler, Lotti Woods and Tony Dowell 
 Amy Hanley Rothermel and Anne Keresey 
 Mark Bennett and Sarah Alsofrom 
 David Baumann and Princess Henriette Meran 
 Jim and Becky Myers 
 David Miller and Ray Wakefield 
 Jennifer Garrigues and Dora Frost 
Cocktails at the annual International Women's Health Coalition gala.
 Kate B. Lear, Randy Falco, Eduardo Vilaro, and Maria Elena Salinas 
 Glenn Allen Sims, Linda C. Sims, and Eduardo Vilaro 
 Jody G. Arnhold, Eduardo Vilaro, Tina Ramirez, and Kate B. Lear 
 Maria Elena Salinas and Emilio Estefan 
 Eliana Munoz, Melissa Marin-Mellan, Wendy Perez, and Leslie Arredondo 
 Bernie Munoz and Terry Cavanaugh 
 Cristina Estanislao, Laura Baldwin, and Yvonne Saavedra Limb 
 Scott McCauley and Alexandra McCauley 
 Cesar Conde, David Perez, Milena Perez, and Michele Caruso-Cabrera 
 Camila Jimenez and Cristina Escoda 
 Kiri Avelar, Jessica Wyatt, and Francesca Marisol Cabrera 
 Melissa Fernandez 
 John Roy, Susie Hahn, and Eduardo Vilaro 
 Elizabeth Weinstein, Gabrielle Rembrant, and Katrina Meyer 
 Michelle Manzanales, Gregory Stuart, and Chase Lawlor 
 Diana Ruttiger, Justin Reeves, Mario Espinoza, and Vanessa Valecillos 
 David Perez and Milena Perez 
 Tina Ramirez and Luis Mallo 
 John LaPook, Bonnie Beer, Kate B. Lear, Maggie Lear, and David Katz 
 RJ Lennon 
 Isabelle Ushery and David Ushery 
 Ballet Hispanico performance ...
 Adenike Esiet and Christiane Amanpour 
 Diana Taylor, Jim Zirin, Marlene Hess, and Marnie Pillsbury 
 Francoise Girard, Virginia Joffe, and Mary Newman 
 Michelle Doty, Jared Anderman, Tracy Garber, and Dr. Peggy McEvoy 
 Phyllis Mailman and Monica Mailman 
 Kate Gellert, Francoise Girard, and Susan Nitze 
 Uwemedimo Esiet, Francoise Girard, and Niyi Ojuolape 
 Kate Gellert, Uwemedimo Esiet, Ann Unterberg, and Stuart C. Burden 
 Marnie Pillsbury, Diana Taylor, and Ann Unterberg 
 Alexander Farman-Farmaian, Suzy Wahba, and Ignacio Jayanti 
 Adenike Esiet and Adrienne Germain 
 Fran Weisslei, Dr. Holly Andersen, Claudia Kahn, and Mickey Ateyeh 
 Kathleen Gerard, Darren Walker, and Marnie Pillsbury 
 Wendy Breck and Janine Hill 
 Atmosphere 
 Prince Zeid Ra'ad Zeid Al-Hussein, Francoise Girard, Christiane Amanpour, Marlene Hess, and James Rubin 
 Dr. Babatunde Osotimehin, Francoise Girard, Marlene Hess, and Adenike Esiet 
 Joanna Larson and Penelope West 
 Francis Hill Barlow, Martha Babcock, and Kate Gilmore 
 Elizabeth Stribling and Guests participate in private curator-led tour 
 Curator Danielle Kisluk-Grosheide leads exhibition tour 
 Dr Susan Weber, Director and Founder, Bard Graduate Center 
 Count Nicholas Wenckheim, Elizabeth Stafford, Ulrich Leben, and Nina Stritzler-Levine 
 John Harvey and Kazie Harvey 
 Joanne Foster and Elizabeth M Stafford 
 FHS Board member Ann Van Ness, Bill Van Ness, and Peggy Donovan 
 Deborah Krohn, Ulrich Leben, Irene Roosevelt Aitken, and Nina Stritzler-Levine 
 Michel Berty, Odile de Schietere-Longchampt, and Marie Eve Berty 
 FHS NY Chapter Co-Chairman Guy Robinson and FHS Chairman of the Board Elizabeth Stribling 
 Bill Van Ness 
 Odile de Schietere-Longchampt, Michel Longchampt, Guy Robinson, Greg Joye, and Francois Bardonnet 
 FHS Boston Chapter Co-Chairman François Bardonnet views exhibition 
 Barbara Kemper Gross 
 Patricia and Thomas Shiah 
 FHS Board member Ann Van Ness and Mariam Azarm 
 George Sape and Jeri Sape 
 Elizabeth Ann Kivlan, Patricia Shiah, Patricia Cossutta, and Rochelle Ohrstrom 
 Martin Shafiroff, Peggy Donovan, CeCe Black, Ann Van Ness, Barbara Kemper Gross, Jean Shafiroff, Bill Van Ness, Patricia Cossutta, and Rochelle Ohrstrom 
 Irene Roosevelt Aitken, Danielle Kisluk-Grosheide, Jennifer Bernich, Henry Neville, Deborah Krohn, Chris Salyer, Joanne Foster, and Lynn Thommen 
 Dinner scene from Save Venice's Black & White Masquerade Ball.
 Rickie De Sole, Olivia Chantecaille, Genevieve Bahrenburg, Lydia Fenet, Sloan Overstrom, and Clare McKeon 
 Dionisio Fontana and Lana Smith 
 Noel Salzano, Paulina Victoria Holmgrem, and Grace Bennett 
 Danielle Sapse, Joy Marks, and Anne-Marie Sapse 
 Aliza Licht, Genevieve Bahrenburg, and Danielle Vreeland 
 Brittany Weeden and Jared Abrams 
 Catherine Smith, Lydia Melamed-Johnson, and Samantha Moray 
 Gillian Miniter and Sylvester Miniter 
 Brian Taam and Fei Chang 
 Arielle Patrick 
 Englebert DeCastro and Veronica Gledhill 
 Alexandra Wagle, Maximillian Sinsteden, and Alexandra Porter 
 Sylvia Renner and Noreen Ahmad 
 Richard Taittinger, Elodie Taittinger, Jessica Mateer, and Harry Mateer 
 Genevieve Bahrenburg and Caroline Palmer 
 Chrissy Rutherford 
 Emerson Bowyer, Georgina Schaeffer, Nate Silver, and Alexis Light 
 Lizzie Edelman, Hannah Bronfman, and Daisy Johnson 
 Hannah Bronfman DJ-ing 
 Sebastian Bland 
 Andrew Fenet and friends
 Andrew Fenet 
 Louisa Stelle, Sebastian Bland, Nick Isham, and Paolina Poe Azcarraga 
 Henry Bodmer and his girls
 Adrianna Beer 
 Danielle Vreeland and Aliza Licht 
 Philippe Danielides 
 Clementine Travis and Adrian M. Dewez 
 Breguet Watches Group, Jay Kathirithamby, Liliana Chen, Roxie Miah, Seth Baert, Nicky Phelps, and Ross Merritt 
 
 Daisy Johnson and Hassan Pierre 
 Maggy Schultz and William Richmond Watson 
 Jared Abrams, Brittany Weeden, Doug Patterson, Kiki Von Glinow, Christopher Wolfe, and Caroline Owens 
 Allison Ecung, Bunny Aisin Gioro, Nate Silver, and Sarah Maslin Nir 
 James Danner 
Lauren Rockefeller and Thorin Schriber 
Peter Brant Jr. and Samantha Zaitz
Bernardo Lopes da Costa, Beatrice Snyder, and Cinthia Fontes 
Anthony Saracco, Emilie Price, Natalia Andueza, and Fidel Andueza
Emily Price, Julie Tucker, and Natalia Mingo 
Laurie Adorno, Matthew White, Beatrice Rossi-Landi, and Laura Dowling 
Lauren Santo Domingo and Prabal Gurung 
Di Mondo, Ashley Passik, Oliver Schulze, and Laure Heriard Dubreuil 
Jean Shafiroff, Di Mondo, and Chiu-Ti Jansen 
Carl and Valerie Kempner 
Dagna Rucewicz|, Polina Proshkina, and Lana Smith 
Scott Caraher and Trevor Gibbons
Kimberly Guilfoyle
Eric Lewis 
Eric Lewis 
Mark Paulk and Tom Dwyer 
Lacary Sharpe and Rebecca Regan 
Mark Voss and Michelle Parker
Laure Heriard Dubreuil, Aaron Young, and Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos 
Amanda Hearst and Christian Lawless 
Tom Decker, Denise Decker, and Stephen Cucchiaro 
Louis Levy and Shany Ellenberg 
Lauren Santo Domingo, Adelina Wong Ettelson, Matthew White, Laurie Adorno, Mary Kathryn Navab and Laura Dowling  
Susan Plagemann, Graziano de Boni, and Valerie de Boni 
Mark Gilbertson, Louis Rose, Alexandra Lind Rose, and Cameron Silver 
Chele Chiavacci and Richard Farley 
Christopher Apostle, Elizabeth Locke, and Derek Thompson 
Nathalie Kaplan and Alexia Hamm Ryan 
Julia Erdman and Nicky Balestrieri
Arnie and Paola Rosenshein 
Russell and Marion Burke with Sylvester and Gillian Miniter 
Michel Perrin, Chloe Perrin, and Sally Perrin
Dawn Marie Grannum and Owen Barnes
Alessandro Luongo, Zani Gugelmann  
          and Luigi Tadini
Claudia Overstrom 
Fiona Rudin and Pamela Ludwick 
Jennifer Creel
Nicolas Turko and Adelina Wong Ettelson
 Judy Sonett, Michael Fosina, Linda Fosina, Nancy Sonett, and Dr. Josh Sonett 
 John J. Mack, David H. Koch, and Dr. Steven J. Corwin 
 Charlotte Ford and Dr. Steven J. Corwin 
 Ellen Corwin, Dr. Steven J. Corwin, and Phyllis Mailman 
 Dr/ Laura Forese 
 Joel Bell, Marife Hernandez, Ellen Corwin, and Dr. Steven J. Corwin 
 Lisa Perry 
 David H. Koch, Julia Koch, Katherine Farley, and Jerry Speyer 
 Anthony Dawson and Consuelo Prol 
 Myrna Manners, John J. Mack, and Christy Mack 
 Dr. Steven J. Corwin, Ellen Corwin, David H. Koch, Dr. Nancy Wexler, and Dr. Herbert Pardes 
 Jaclyn Mucaria 
 Joe Tiralosi, Janet Tiralosi, Christina and Joe Tiralosi 
 Michael Fosina and Linda Fosina 
 Dr. Ron Crystal, Karen Crystal, Dr. Zev Rosenwaks, Dr. Richard Granstein, and Dr. Philip Stieg 
 Dr. Sheldon Feldman and Dr. Margaret Chen 
 Iris Cantor 
 Christy Mack, Ken Forde, and K. Forde 
 Dr. Fabrizio Michelassi and Dr. Caren Heller 
 Gerald Modell, Dr. Nancy Wexler, Paula Modell, and Dr. Herbert Pardes 
 Dr. Lee Goldman and Jill Goldman 
 Roger Altman, Jurate Kazickas, Bruce Lerman, and Karen Lerman 
 JoAnn Slattery and Peter Deutsch 
 Elizabeth Ward, Geof Rochester, and Teresa Duran 
 Diana Glassman and Geof Rochester 
 Kaitlin Moore, Lauren Miura, Rachel Winters, Jackson Izzo, and Sara McGuinness 
 Reina Miller, Ilyssa Somer, and Diane Stefani 
 Robin Dorian and Richard Roth 
 Dave Kiyak, Melissa Abramson, Teresa Duran, and Curtis Runyan 
 Ana Real, Jennifer Siebens, and Amy Burkholder 
 Jennifer Rowe Hearst and Amy Burkholder 
 Chase Bodine, Emilia Wiles, Mark Hudspeth, Rachel Winters, and Jeremy Hurewitz 
 Mariam Asmar and Jennifer Tuft 
 Zeke Freeman and Sal Cataldi 
 Melissa Abramson, Dave Kiyak, Elizabeth Ward, and Lauren Miura 
Dr. Michael Ridgdill, Lady Henrietta Spencer-Churchill, and Hilary Geary Ross
Tim Johnson, Lady Henrietta Spencer-Churchill, Fernando Wong
Terry and Linda Collier
Tony Beyer, Shanna Kahan, and Daniel Kahan
Ashley Copeland and Veronica Atkins
Maura and Bill Benjamin
 Gary Springer pays homage to Judy Gilbert 
 Gerri and Ron Pufall, Rod and Judy Gilbert, and Errol Rappaport 
 Suzanna  Bowling displays the famous Rappaport Ties 
 Tamara Eristavi, Francesca Rappaport, Erica Lacombe, and Errol Rappaport 
 Actress and director Anna Wilding and Nino Razmadze 
 Ulrika 'Red' Nilsson, Mark Pfister, and Gary Springer 
 Thomas McGovern, Gerri Pufall, and Santo Rosabianca 
 Judy Gilbert and Gary Springer 
 Erica Lacombe 
 Judy Gilbert, Errol Rappaport and Nora Davis 
 Robert Farber 
 Katherine and Les Schecter 
 Tamara Eristavi and Alexander Francois Oppenheimer 
 Dean LaBate, Ronald Johnson, Therese Rodriguez, Tom Duane, Regina Quattrochi, Kevin Cathcart, Michael Seltzer, and David Hansell 
 Harlan Bratcher, Regina Quattrochi, Wendy Williams, and Alan Cumming 
 Karen Pearl, David Ludwigson, Dean LaBate, Donna Futterman, Richard Burns, Jeannetta Bushey, Tom Duane, Ronald Johnson, Therese Rodriguez, Kevin Cathcart, Michael Seltzer, Richard Haymes,  Regina Quattrochi, David Hansell, Clarence Patton, and Ken Fornataro 
 Richard Burns and David Haymes 
 Alan Tanksley, Robert Seligsohn, and Harlan Bratcher 
 Christian Knaust, Regina Quattrochi, and Carmen Marc Valvo 
 Carmen Marc Valvo, Wendy Williams, and Christian Knaust 
 Witti Reparte and Ritz Cracka 
 Richard Haymes, Bart Boehlert, and Ted Dawson 
 Ernie Wohlleben, Gwen Wunderlich, Harry Dubin, Brittney Levine, Jacqueline Giaccio, and Phillip Bloch 
 Paul Rietz, Hayden Perry, Jane Pauley, Tray Ederer, Bobby Steinsdorfer, and Rickie Trudeau 
 Sean Moriarty, Tim Shore, David Rappaport, Brian McCabe, and Andrew Booth 
 Meaghan Kent, Maureen Cavanaugh, and Laura Krey 
 Amy Fine Collins and Richard Slusarczyk 
 Sharon Gavin, Martin Crook, Jesse James Crook, Lucie Mitchell, and Mark Welsh 
 Sara Tanksley-Clark, Teddi Tanksley, and Jane Pauley 
 George McNeely 
 Chris Herrmann, Alex McCord, John Lyle, John Bartlett and Joseph Lorino 
 David Liu, Nathan Coyle, Lynn Ban, Joel Isaacs, and Chris Ventry 
 Toby Usnik, Julie Gilhart, Harlan Bratcher, Susan Rockefeller, David Mixner, Alan Tanksley, David Rockefeller, and Dan Scheffey 
 Alex Travers and Lily Hoagland 
 Steve Johnson, John Eason, and Steve Newman 
 Tom Duane, Alan Cumming, Brad Hoylman, Grant Shaffer, Dan Scheffey, and Erik Bottcher 
 Bianca Manley, Rod Manley, Phyliss Yoo, and Erica Stein 
 Alan Cumming and Wendy Williams 
 Harlan Bratcher and Julie Gilhart 
 Karen Pearl and David Ludwigson 
 Bianca Manley and Ada Kokosar 
 Barry Salzman and Gregory Habeeb 
 Harry Dubin and Bianca Pratt 
 Stephen Henderson, George McNeely, Ricki Roer, James LaForce, and Dan Scheffey 
 David Hansell, Joy Tomchin, and Ronald Johnson 
 Harlan Bratcher, David Rockefeller, Susan Rockefeller, Toby Usnik, and Regina Quattrochi 
 Julie Gilhart, David Rockefeller, and Susan Rockefeller 
Baroness von Langerwall
 Lee Wolf, Steven Caras, and Judy Mitchell 
 Martha Glasser, Ruth Kopelman, and Richard Glasser 
 Arlene Cherner, Michelle Grayson, and Marilyn Lane 
 Judith and Bruce Newman 
 Herb Goldsmith and Bunny Kanter 
 Judy Schonhorn and Ellen Levy 
 Cindy and Ted Mandes 
 Patty Myura and Lee Bell 
 Betty Hess, Jane Overman, Joan Safir, and Bonnie Gregge 
 Barbara Rackoff, Abby Ruttenberg, Merel Cayne, and Audrey Goodman 
 Sandra and George Garfunkel 
 Guests at the Third Annual Fountain House Associates Spring Breakfast.
 Jennifer Oken and Kate Allen 
 Dr. C. Neill Epperson and Dr. Shari Lusskin 
 Dr. Shari Lusskin, Kate Allen, Donya Bommer, Jennifer Oken, Kate Tozer, and Dr. C. Neill Epperson 
 Nicole Cunningham, Linda Garnett, Kamie Lightburn, Chiara Edmands, Jennifer Carlston, and Sarah von Maltzahn 
 Kate Pickett 
 Erin Berger, Kathleen Kocatas, and Eliza Nordeman 
 Janet Gaffney and Anne Graber 
 Florence Peyrelongue 
 Sarah von Maltzahn, Laura Hoffman, and Melyora Kramer 
 Chiara Edmands and Dara O'Hara 
 Stephanie Flatley, Sharon Wee Fu, Barbara Fernandez, and Pamela Guzman 
 Suzy Frigon, Lauren Stahl, and Leslie Williams 
 Charlotte Ronson and Shoshanna Gruss 
 Tara Padua and Leah Rodgers 
 Jennifer Oken, Maria Maccioni, and Mario Maccioni 
 Vanessa Johnson and Melanie Chisholm 
 Victoria Greenleaf, Lorna Grave, and Maria Maccioni 
 Shannon Henderson and Angela Clofine 
 Elizabeth Pyne, Robyn Marks, and Sarah Simmons Goldstein 
 Lorna Graev and Mark Gilbertson 
 Michael Halsband, Ian Calder-Piedmont, Scott Chaskey, and Hilary Leff 
 Janet Jennings, Jonathan Foster, and Rebecca Chapman 
 Joyce Raimondo and Tanja Woitasczyk 
 Lys Marigold, Michael Halsband, and Dianne B
 Marsha Edelman and Peter Olsen 
 Matko Tomicic, Alex Rosenberg, and Michael Halsband 
 Michael Denslow and Emily Herrick 
 Michael Halsband and Scott Chaskey 
 Pamela Eldridge and Matko Tomicic 
 Susan Cook and Rosemarie DeSantis 
 Yvette DeBow-Salsedo, Michael Halsband, and Hilary Leff 
 Lisa Gutierrez 
 Ann Wallace and Gerri Shute 
 Marsha Buchanan and Sherrill Bodine 
 Candace Jordan, Hazel Barr, and Vicki Hood 
 Mary Pat Burns, Heather Ingram, and Felicia Winiecki 
 Bunky Cushing and Sherry Holson 
 Ladies in fuchsia, pink, and red at Bunky Cushing's Valentine's Tea 
The MAD scene for the opening of the "After the Museum" exhibition.
Chairman Emerita Barbara Tober, Lesley Stahl, and Interim Director David Gordon in the Barbara Tober Grand Atrium of the Museum of Arts & Design
Curator Lowery Stokes Sims with Silas Kopf and MAD's Interim Director David Gordon (Inset: Silas Kopf's shoes)
Joseph Walsh, Patricia Pastor, and Barry Friedman
Earl Dax, Cameron Cooper, Zach Cole, and curator Jake Yuzna
Bud Latven
Garreth Neal, Wendell Castle, Todd Merrill, and Joseph Walsh
Armando and Andria Morales, Vivien Chiu, and Ursula Von Rydingsvard
Sebastian Errazuriz and Cristina Grajales
MAD's Interim Director David Gordon with Beverly  and Jerome Siegel
 Jake Yuzna and Dan Rubinstein
Marc Andre Robinson
Judith Belzer
Ralph Lauren table/entrance 
Executive Director of DIFFA Felecia Web and Isabel and Ruben Toldeo
Arpad Baksa
Architectural Digest
Vern Yip
Cyndi Lauper, Margaret Russell, and David Rockwell
Thom Filicia
Rottet
Ralph Lauren
Evette Rios
Rachel Laxer
Arteriors
Rachel Ashwell-Shabby Chic Couture
Pratt Insitute
Alfredo Paredes and Margaret Russell
Patron display
Parsons The New School for Design
NYU
New York School of Interior Design
Michael Aram
Rick Wolf
Michael Amani
Marimekko
Marc Blackwell and Evette Rios
Lady Tina Green & Pietro Mingarelli
Keogh Design
Kenneth Cobonpue
James Magni for Profile
Interior Design Magazine-design by Ali Taylor
Goli and Tom (AM/MOR Architecture), & Justin Huxol (HUXHUX Design)
Gensler/Herman Miller
Frette Design 
FIT
Fendi
Federico Delrosso
Eric Warner for Tracy Reese
Elizabeth Bolognino
EDG- The Roger Thomas Collection
Echo
Design Within Reach
David Rockwell
Croscill
Benjamin Moore
Beacon Hill
Aerin Lauder
The Randall's Island Park Alliance hosted its Fielding Dreams NYC Gala  at the American Museum of Natural History
 Victor Cruz with a group of children and staff from the Casita Maria Center and M.S. 223 
 Gala cocktail reception inside the American Museum of Natural History 
 Jerome L. Goldman, Stacy Bash-Polley, Nancy F. Neff, and Victor Cruz 
 Betsy Cohen, Andrew Cohen, Elaina Watley, Karen Cohen, Victor Cruz, Lauren Starr, and Christopher Starr 
 Michael Boxer, Stacy Bash-Polley, and Victor Cruz 
 Kate Peck, Bradford R. Peck, and Fiona Rudin 
 Stephanie Winston Wolkoff and Erica Karsch 
 Richard Mack 
 Victor Cruz and Richard B. Gross 
 Claudio Reyna, Chris Mack, and Danielle Reyna 
 Elaina Watley, Victor Cruz, Justin H. Green, and Jenny Green 
 Stacy Bash-Polley, Lauren Muss, Melissa Boxer, and Pamela Liebman 
 Eric Rudin, Lisa Cole, and Gustavo Szulansky 
 Jonathan Tisch, Chris Mack, Lizzie Tisch, and Jason Boxer 
 Victor Cruz and Harry Carson 
 Lauren Starr, Betsy Cohen, and Erin Silvers 
 Dan Panitz with Guest 
 Cathy Bern, Ramy Sharp, Leah Swarzman, and Chris Mack 
 Michael Boxer and Jason Boxer 
 Ramy Saad, Stacy Bash-Polley, and Tim Barefield 
 Auction tables 
 Jamie Ritchie and Seth Meyers 
 Dr. Glenn Fishman, Dr. Orrin Devinsky, and Leon Charney 
 Jay Neveloff, Benjamin Levine, and Jeffrey Levine 
 Joey Lowenstein and Roberta Lowenstein 
 Amy Pollner Mortiz and Peter Schnall 
 Kate Cooney Picco, Loretta Glucksman, Rob Moss, and Lisa Moss 
 Steven Spiegel and Ginny Spiegel 
 Peter Manno and Dr. Catherine Manno 
 Lorri Shackelford and Veronica Mainetti 
 Seth Meyers and Randi Levine 
 Katie Boehly, Todd Boehly, Rose Garrett, and John Garrett 
 Carolyn Kotler 
 Dr. Jacqueline French and Dan Freidman 
 Michael Weisberg and Leah Weisberg 
 Kristina Pae and Anna Fantaci 
 Seth Meyers, Dean Robert Grossman, Dr. Orrin Devinsky, Leon Charney, and Tzili Charney 
 Georgia Ford, Seth Meyers, and Melissa Mathison 
 Barbara Walsh and Joseph Walsh 
 Tanya Zagzag, Dr. David Zagzag, Susannah Cahalan, and Stephen Gruwalski 
 Pamela Mohr and Seth Meyers 
 Harry Falk and Claudia Falk 
 Bob Nolan and Mary Pedersen 
 Seth Meyers, Angela Stone, and Bill Lambert 
 Brian Neilinger, Bram Weber, Lloyd Goldman, David Valger, Alfonso Kimche, Simon Ziff, William Friedland, and Justin Green 
 Vladimir Shneyder, Alfonso Kimche, and Michael Schonbraun 
 Mitchell Moinian and Alfonso Kimche 
 Lloyd Goldman, Larry Silverstein, Alfonso Kimche, Lee Deutsch, and Jeffrey Stern 
 Larry Silverstein and Alfonso Kimche 
 Scott Singer, Harriet Singer, and Andrew Singer 
 Adam Sanders and Jason Merker 
 Steve Stowers, Jeffrey Moroch, and Laura Greenfield 
 Blair Parsont and Benjamin Haghani 
 Cindy Feinberg and Michael Vickers 
 Jonathan More, Jonathan Banayan, Gregory Kalikow, and David Kessler 
 Matthew Kasindorf, Lee Deutsch, and Mark Kaplan 
 Jonas Katzoff, Mark Kaplan, Jonathan Falik, Bram Weber, and Michael May 
 William Friedland, Alfonso Kimche, and Lee Deutsch 
 Jarett Fein, Alfonso Kimche, and Steven Friedlander 
 Brian Lichter, Michael Schonbraun, and Matthew Snyder 
A dusting of snow. Photo: JH.
 Lewis Frumkes and Honoree Linda Fairstein 
 The Glad Girls:  Joan Jakobson,  Helen Handley Houghton, Barbara Ascher, Anne Wazelle, and Jeannette Watson. The Glad Girls are the Park Avenue version of the Supremes goes The Chordettes (you had to be there); and they can rock! 
 Tina Flaherty, and Malachy McCourt, and Jennifer Raab
 Alana Frumkes, Lewis Frumkes, and Nabila Khashoggi 
 Dr. John Rodman and Dr. Herman Rosen 
 Denise LeFrak and Randy Schatz 
 Ben Cheever, Judith Greenburg, and Dan Greenburg
 Sidney Offit, Norman Straker, and Elinor Tatum 
 Alana Frumkes with Michelle and Sabrina Kleier
 Lewis Frumkes and Lee Child 
  Lisa Schiff and Linda Fairstein
  Judith Kelman, Dr. Peter Scardino,  and Jennifer Raab
  Rochelle Ohrstrom and Lewis Lapham
 Dr. Harold Bornstein, Melissa Bornstein, and Amber Daspin 
 Jerry McCallion, Regina Peruggi, and John Calicchio 
 John and Joan Jakobson 
 Timothy Frumkes, Grace Chang, and Stuart Venner 
Dinning room at Swifty's art opening
Patricia Attoe with artist Ana Guerra
Cade Tompkins, John Molloy, and Melinda Hackett
Evelyn Tompkins and  Jessica Mezzacappa
Michael and Rebecca Silver
Karen Tompkins,Teril Smith, Melanie Rhodes, and Ana Guerra
 Nate Maaske, Katerina Kazresic, Courtney Hejl, Rebecca  Holliday, Nicolas Luchsinger, Minhee Greene, Emilia Grabowska, Jenny  Toth, and Drew Perry at 
             
The School of American Ballet's 2013 WINTER BALL, sponsored by Van Cleef & Arpels.
 Peter Lyden, Carolina Herrera, and Reinaldo Herrera 
 William Zeckendorf and Laura Zeckendorf 
 Kellie Abreu and Marjorie Van Dercook 
 Jay Diamond, Donya Bommer, and Darren Henault 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Tom Murro and Alana Sholomon 
 Jennifer Argenti and John Argenti 
 Frederick Koch and Margo Langenberg 
 Carla Martinez, Annabel Tollman, and Alvina Patel 
 Lana Tran and P.D. Shah 
 Kate Peck and Brad Peck 
 Jean Shafiroff and Martin Shafiroff 
 Lisa Evans, Clifford Press, and Elizabeth Press 
 John Paulson and Matthew Bronfman 
 Gillian Miniter and Sylvester Miniter 
 David Kabiller and Laura Platt 
 Padma Lakshmi and Carolina Herrera 
 Alexa Ray Joel 
 Deborra-Lee Furness and Kate Couric 
 Joe Zee 
 Harvey Weinstein and Vivi Nevo 
 Dan Abrams 
 Patrick McMullan and Michael Shannon 
 Stacey Bendet 
 Katie Holmes, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Melania Trump, and Donald Trump 
 Susan Gutfreund, Peggy Siegal, and Jean Doumanian 
 Rex Reed and Billy Norwich 
 Natlie Obradavich and Kristian Laliberte 
 George Gurley, Kara Smoke, and Ken Kurson 
 Tom Hooper 
 Boys' Club Women's Board President Sara Ayres (4th from left) with Luncheon Co-Chairs Alexia Hamm Ryan, Binkie Orthwein, Muffy Miller, Christine Schwarzman, and Lourdes Fanjul  at the Brazilian Court in Palm Beach. 
 Dining Room with Salvatore Ferragamo gift bags 
 Allie Hanley and Carol Rohrig 
 Christine Schwarzman and Sara Ayres 
 Elaine Langone 
 Emilia and Lourdes Fanjul 
 Hilary Geary Ross and Dame Diane Halle 
 Hillie Mahoney, Jessie Araskog, and Leezy Sculley 
 Hilary Geary Ross and Talbott Maxey 
 Muffy Miller and Pauline Pitt 
 Jessie Araskog, Hilary Geary Ross, and Candy Hamm
 Muffy and Ashley Miller 
 Nicole Hanley Mellon 
 Karin Luter and Pauline Pitt 
 Whitney Douglass and Alexia Hamm Ryan 
Heather Georges, Kamie Lightburn, and Stephanie Foster
Donya Bommer and David Hallberg
Kamie Lightburn, Jill Ross, and Wendy Sarasohn
Victoria Kepner and Stephanie Foster
Gennadi Saveliev and Ali Schley Landegger
Judith M Hoffman, Heather Georges, and Fiona Rudin
Eleanora Kennedy, Gennadi Saveliev, Melanie Holland, and Anna Safir
SUS CEO Donna Colonna giving remarks
Andrew Zimmern holding hors d'oeuvres
Chef Jamie Bissonnette preparing hors d'oeuvres while Chef Marc Forgione looks on
Chef Masaharu Morimoto preparing food 
Chef Johnny Iuzzini preparing dessert for guests
Donna Colonna, CEO of SUS, with SUS Board of Directors
Donna Colonna with SUS executive staff
Grace Hightower De Niro toasting with other attendees
Donna Colonna, CEO of SUS, and Andrew Hurwitz, Chairman of the SUS Board of Directors
Amanda Green and pianist
SUS CEO Donna Colonna enjoying dinner with fellow guests
 Sarah Sze, Donald Rubin, Shelley Rubin, Wallace Edgecombe, and Holly Block 
 Doug Rice, Joe Mizzi, Joshua Stein, and Nathan Newman 
 Fred Wilson and Agnes Gund 
 Cathy Pavlick, Bill Aguado, Holly Block, and Alessandra Digiusto 
 Blake Grossman, Alexandre Arrechea, Laura Blanco, and Michelle Richards 
 Darren Walker 
 Donald Rubin and Shelley Rubin 
 Jessica Bibliowiecz, Natan Bibliowiecz, Don Savelson, Doug Rice, and friend 
 Ellen  and Bill Dinneen 
 Bobbie Foshay, Tom Turney, Chus Martinez, and Mary Sabatino 
 Petah Coyne and Carey Lovelace 
 Joanne Cohen, Marty Eisenberg, and Janine Cirincione 
 Grimanesa Amoros and William Fleischer 
 Elisa Port, Duhirwe Rushemeza, and Derek Fordjour 
 Stella, Kim Manocherian, Carey Lovelace, and Michelle Stuart 
 Betsy Kilmartin, John Plotkin, Lesley Plotkin, and Jeff Ganz 
 David Gordon and Maggie Gordon 
 Idelsa Mendez, Amillie Coster, Wallace Edgecombe, Nydia Edgecombe, and Lisanka Soto 
 Charlotte Ford and Martin Boyce 
 Jill Monda, Chelsea Monda, and Joell Monda 
 Claire Pauley, Gregory Miller, and Michelle Stuart 
 The scene at Darren Henault's 
 Aileen Bruner and Eby McKay 
 Betsy Messerschmitt, Nyssa Kourakos, Yesim Philip, Sheri Babbio, and Anne Harrison 
 Sarah McGee and Ranika Cohen 
 Dan Paduano, Nancy Paduano, and Doug Blonsky 
 Anne Harrison and Gillian Miniter 
 Jenna Segal, Sharon Teles, and Michelle Marra 
 Meagan Ouderkirk and Jerry Ouderkirk 
 Suzy Biszantz, Nyssa Kourakos, Katie Boes, and Berry Bloomingdale 
 Katie Ryser, Paige Boller Malik, and Shana Gary 
Julie Macklowe, Bettina Zilkha, and Alexandra Lind Rose
Ian Woods and Gigi Stone Woods 
R. Couri Hay, and Janna Bullock 
Marilyn Minter and Matt Jackson
Jakob Panotas and Barrie Moskowitz
Alina Cho, Kara Young, and Deborah Roberts 
Celine Oh, John Katzenmeyer, and Lauren Chung 
Liz Claman, Ana Rosales-Boujnah, Quynh Mai, and Kata de Solis 
Ana Rosales-Boujnah, Quynh Mai, and Annemarie Iverson
 Kate Betts and Dawn Ostroff 
 Carlos Mota and Kelly Rutherford 
 Roger Barnett, Jennifer Nilles, Danielle Ganick, Lisa Jackson, and Averell Mortimer 
 Nathalie Kaplan and Nathan Stoll 
 Chris Shore and Alix Toub 
 Wednesday Martin, Simone Levinson, and Valesca Guerrand Hermes 
 Debbie Bancroft 
 Michael Dubilier and Elizabeth Callender 
 Ashley Wick and Mary Grace 
 Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia and Sloan Barnett 
 Maud Cabot and Stephanie Hirsch 
 Lisa Anastos, Felicia Taylor, and Jocelyn Greenkey 
 Jill Kargman
            and family
 Natalie, Gretchen Gunlocke Fenton, and Charlie 
 Ferebee Taube, Clarke Taube, and Bishop Taube 
 Shoshanna Gruss
            and Marcie Pantzer
 Martha Sharp 
 Christin Rueger  and Ferebee Taube 
 Alicia Bona and Anya Shiva 
 Kate Allen
            and Jennifer Oken
 Eleanor Ylvisaker 
 Zinnia Edwards, Alexandra Edwards, and Justin Waterman 
 Gigi Coley and Devon Lesperance 
 Dr. Sherrell Aston, Muffie Potter Aston, Bracie Aston, and Ashleigh Aston 
 Kathy Thomas and Leslie Heaney 
 Rich Hiler, Carmel Fromson, Kenn Dudek, John Ambrosini, Rick Froio, Dario Gristina, and Gabe Stefania 
 Fountain Gallery Artist Leonard Aschenbrand and Barry Shapiro 
 Fountain Gallery Artist Gail Shamchenko with Margaret Baker 
 Fountain Gallery Artist Anthony Newton, Norman Schwartz, and Lee Bryant 
 Emmanuel and Suzanne Lemakis with Richard Greene 
 Leslie Harwood and Betsy Seidman 
 Robyn Marks and Rick Froio 
 Tara O'Grady and the Black Velvet Band 
 Kenn Dudek, Fountain Gallery Artist Azure Bourne, William Wegman,and Lucy Yang 
 Jason Bowman, Christine Burgin, Agnes Gund, and William Wegman 
 Kathryn and Tom Farrell, Andrew Fichte, and SooMi Thompson 
 David Schwartz, Fountain Gallery Artists Robin Taylor, and Susan Schwartz 
 Val Scaramella, Mike DiBugnara, and Dawn Reinholtz 
 Emcee Lucy Yang, Reporter, Eyewitness News, WABC 
 Azeema Hartley, Danielle Fennoy, and Guinevere Johnson 
 Elena Brower bidding on art 
 Julie Weiswasser, Fountain Gallery Artist Osvaldo Cruz 
William R. Johnson, Ronan Farrow, Nicholas Thompson, and Martti Ahtisaari 
William R. Johnson, George D. Schwab, and Paul A. Volcker 
Susie Johnson, William R. Johnson, and Richard Haas 
Brendan McGuire and Nicholas Thompson 
Ronan Farrow, Edythe M. Holbrook, and Nicholas Thompson 
Grace Kennan Warnecke, Carter Booth, and Edythe M. Holbrook 
Susie Johnson, William R. Johnson, Martti Ahtisaari, George D. Schwab, and Hatice U. Morrissey 
William Rudolf, Edith Rudolf, and Warren Hoge 
John Loveitt and Ronan Farrow
Nina Moriarty, Marshall Moriarity, Hatice U. Morrissey, Nicholas Thompson, and Edythe M. Holbrook 
Sheila Johnson Robbins and George D. Schwab 
BIG Night Out was held on Saturday, February 23rd at Cipriani Wall Street, former site of New York Stock Exchange
BBBS of NYC's Young Professionals Committee Executive Board and Sub-Committee members
YPC President, Karla Esleeck is joined by Skeery Jones from Elvis Duran and the Z100 Morning Show to welcome guests and promote a text to pledge campaign
Former YPC President, Jennifer Hoppe with YPC Sub-Committee members Frank Pena, Ashley Williams and Paul Yi
BBBS of NYC Trustee, James Rapp with YPC members Lindsey Bornstein and Balki Aydin
Ellen Leikind, founder of POKERprimaDIVAS, and Shelley and Ken Goldwasser
YPC BIG Night Out event chairs, Matthew Zerbo and Amanda DiLauro
Charity casino games included craps, black jack and roulette, where guests could play to win amazing raffle prizes
Guests place their bets at one of event's blackjack tables
In addition to a Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament, guests could learn how to play poker at the POKERprimaDIVAS tutorial table
 Tina Swartz, Deborah Royce, Whitney Clay, Gregory Long, Fernanda Kellogg, Dara Caponigro, and Carolyn Englefield 
 Gregory Long and Sigourney Weaver 
 Whitney Clay, Gregory Long, and Katie Ridder 
 DeWayne Phillips and Caroline Wamsler 
 Serniqua Dougherty, Geoffrey Bradfield, Jaime Jimenez, Roric Tobin, and Katharina Plath 
 Richard Mishaan, Stephen Elrod, and Joseph Merrill 
 Kate Kelly Smith and Charlotte Barnes 
 Rick Kurnit, Patricia Fernandez, and Ricardo Fernandez 
 Linda Buckley, Craig Callen, and Fernanda Kellog 
 Samantha Conlin, Terry Skoda, and Gale Brooks 
 Marisa Marcantonio and Peter Pennoyer 
 Coco Kopelman, Arie L. Kopelman, John Schumacher, and Barbara Schumacher 
 Kate Kelly Smith, John Knott, and Charlotte Barnes 
 Jean Shafiroff and Martin Shafiroff 
 Alexandra Lebenthal, David Mishaan, and Gillian Miniter 
 The Breakers practice green laid out with the five hole putting contest 
 Davis Love, Sam Lehrman and Katherine Wood 
 Mac Zahringer, Kress Zahringer, Davis Love III, and Jamie Zahringer 
 John Daniello and Joe Marchese
 Mark Cook and Jack Flag 
 Danielle Moore with Wally and Betsy Turner 
 Richard and Penny Fierstein 
 Michel Cox Witmer and Tom Quick 
 Diana and Cory Valentine 
 Sean Bresnan and Reid Boren 
The ninth annual Adults in Toyland: Casino Gaming for a Cause at The Plaza Hotel.
 Morgan Hertzan, Susie Block Casdin, Kelly Kennedy Mack, Harlan Fabrikant Saroken, Patti Kim, Kimberly Goodwin, and Steven Jaffe 
 Jill  Kargman, Susie Block Casdin, and Karen McLaughlin 
 Patti Kim, Catherine Manno, Susie Block Casdin, and David Schulhof 
 Kerry Kennedy, Sarah Bupp, and Brian Kennedy 
 Dasha Varbarina and Marie Macshane 
 Robin Dolch, Liz Stern, and Amy Palmer 
 Daniel Flax and Lindsey Kupferman 
 Brian Kennedy, Jenna Jaffe, Stephen Jeffe, and Mike Weaver 
 Tally Russell and Andy Russell 
 Chandra Darice, Micha Hughes, and Betty Leu 
 Jamie Tisch and Patti Kim 
 Melissa Meister, Kat Cohen, and Abigail Klem 
 Craig Hayman and Kelly Mack 
 Harlan Fabrikant Saroken and Catherine Manno 
 John Borell, Emily Borell, and Josh Beckerman 
 Susi Wunsch, Peter Wunsch, Eric Wunsch, and Roisin McElroy 
 Jennifer Rosenthal and Adam Bailey 
 Rochelle Jacobs 
 Jesse Spain and Craig Spain 
 Katherine Arbuckle, Kimberly Goodwyn, Stephanie Sladkus, and Stephen Sladkus 
 Kathy Lewis and Melissa Longo 
 Holly Croft and Vanessa Cornell 
 Chandra Darice and Micha Hughes 
 Emily Trafford and Blake Vasquez 
 Eric Wunsch, Susi Wunsch, Peter Wunsch, and Roisin McElroy 
 Samantha Daniels and Caroline Greenwald 
Jan Berger and Dorian Brown
Liz Peek and Noreen Buckfire
Charlotte Assaf
 Carolyn Buck Luce and Gail McGovern 
 Lydia Fenet starts the auction with a Red Cross Backpack 
 Judy Chang, Jordan Coughtry, Nisi Sturgis, Marilynn Scott Murphy, and George Dorsey 
 Carolyn Buck Luce, Don McGovern, Rob Evans, and Gail McGovern 
 Jeff Friedlander, Board Treasurer and Bill Bechman, Board President 
 Michele Jawin, Heather Floyd, Renee Berliner Rush, and Francesca Thompson 
 Kirkley Strand, Steven Richardson, and April Griswold
 Stuart Hillman and Elizabeth Brown, Executive Director 
 Stephen Lash, David Andrews, and Mimi Andrews 
 Al Jackson, Deborah Jackson, and Elizabeth Brown 
 Jason Rivera and Josh Lockwood 
 Rev. Galen Guengerich, Jo Champa, Susan Rockefeller, and David Rockefeller, Jr 
 Miles Chapin and Victor Fidel 
 Jo Champa, Victor Fidel, and David Rockefeller, Jr 
 Maria and Larry Reina 
 Heli Blum with her winning bid for Judith Ripka necklace 
 Miles Chapin, Dennis Cusack, Robin Bossert, George Dorsey, Shilpa Iyengar, Victor Fidel, and Maryah Converse 
Over 100 garden lovers came to look at the Jay Estate to learn how they can help at its 1st Annual Hort Lunch.
John Jay wellies!
 Board Member Lauren Fogarty with June Price and Julie and Tucker Siler 
 Executive Director Britt Sady and Playhouse Volunteer and Physical Therapist Lisa Yoon 
 Richard Reilly, Richard Cane, and Jean Sullivan 
 Tracy Nixon and Debbie Morris 
 Josh Blau, Laura Blau, and Jennifer Patterson 
 John Ansbacher and Andrew Morris 
 Nicki Pombier Berger and Jed Berger 
 Gaurang Trividi, Heather Trividi, and Kate Gibbs 
 Kirsten DeBear, Stacey Calcano, and Alison Nixon 
 Rich and Gina Chute 
 Lou Craco Sr., Betty Craco, and Lou Craco Jr.
 Holly Horn and Alex Lamis 
 Duncan Montero, Amber Collins, and Amanda Mason 
 Sarah  and Aaron Steinberg 
 Melanie  and John Romolo 
 Playhouse Volunteer Liza Tichenor and Zack Galler 
 Adam Arthurs and Siran Cao 
 Playhouse Volunteers Alyssa, Kiri and Karolina 
 Darya Cheban-Katz, Michael Hornbuckle, and David Mazzullo 
 Frank Sawyer, Sandra Sena, Peter Loftis, and Britt Sady 
 Kevin Brakstad and Becky Fogarty 
 I Have A Voice at 48 Lounge 
 Sabrina Forsyth, Grace Meigher, and Emilia Saint Amand 
 Emilia Fanjul and Susie Elson 
 Joyce Sterling, Frances Scaife and Kit Pannill 
 Sabrina Forsyth and Dan Ponton 
 Chris Meigher, Hillie Mahoney and Britty Bardes, Kate Khosrovani 
 Gracie Meigher, Muffy Miller and Pauline Pitt 
 Mila Mulroney and Linda Olson 
 Denise De Luca and Paulette Koch 
 Kate Khosrovani, Hillie Mahoney and Michele Heary from de Grisogono 
 Lore Dodge and Kit Pannill 
 Emilia Saint-Amand and Sabrina Forsyth 
 Frances Scaife, Emilia Saint-Amand, and Jackie Drake 
 Margo dePeyster, Mai Harrison 
 Mai Harrison and Margo dePeyster 
 Margo dePeyster and Inge Anderson 
 Lesly Smith, Mila Mulroney, and Jackie Drake 
 Kate Khosrovani and Eileen Burns 
 Paulette Koch and Anka Palitz 
 Hillie Mahoney and Margo dePeyster 
 Giovanni Mattera and Mai Harrison 
 Kit Pannill and Helena Martinez 
 Anka Palitz and Frances Scaife 
 Post-concert at the Russian Team Room for Carnegie Hall's Golden Ticket event.
 Le Cirque's Stella Room 
 Le Cirque's Central to Spring Cake 
 Carmen Rodriguez, Donna Daniels, Veronica White, and Nina Chertoff 
 Didi Schafer, Linda Silverman, Suzanne Cochran, and Judy Hart Angelo 
 Marco Maccioni, Suzanne Cochran, Veronica White, Douglas Blonsky, and Terri Coppersmith 
 Marco Maccioni, Laurie Mandelbaum, and Jay Mandelbaum 
 Richard and Pam Scurry 
 Steve Bensinger and Carol Staab 
 Susan Calhoun and Melanie Shorin 
 Suzie Aijala and Lynn Wright 
 Lauren Shmalo and Matt Anctil 
 Tania Bass, Mary Lynn Gelderman, Inese Bucevica, and Marlene Shmalo 
 Nicole Bobek, Tim Goebel, Sarah Hughes, Jeremy Abbott, and Michael Solonoski 
 Deborah DiIorio, Ken Silva, Rosalie Joseph, and Patsy Polatchek 
 Bob Thorson, Jameson Bui, Adrien Henriet, Paul Winkler, and Joshua Bankhead 
 Ken Silva, Dario Timotic, Linda Penoyer, and Matt Anctil 
 Rob Shmalo and Victor Rodrigues 
 Bobby Cooper and Mylik Ganey 
 Adrien Henriet, Josh Machiz, Brian Chen, Eric Shoemaker, Cameron Steward, and Daniel Kempton 
 Randy Jones and Rob Shmalo 
 Randy Jones and Christopher Spaulding 
 Anthony Nehra and Eric Morriss 
 Joey Dudding, Ben Becton, and Victor Rodrigues 
 Andrew Brandt and Bob Tortora 
 Kristian Laliberte, Emerson Barth, and Justin Belmont 
 Will Grega, Randy Jones, and Ben Gettinger 
 Robbyne Kaamil, Andrews Balduino, Kristin Balduino, Dario Timotic, Joshua Bankhead, Mark MacKillop, and John Stevens 
 Michael SanGiovanni and Jason Shaw 
 Ken Silva and Robbyne Kaamil 
 Rick Slusher, Breanne Heldman, Marlene Shmalo, Albert Shmalo, and Lauren Shmalo 
 Bill Haberthur, B.J. Foreman, and Patrick Sheldon 
 Inese Bucevica, Sophie Bensamou, and Mary Lynn Gelderman 
 Elizabeth Meigher, Chris Meigher, Princess Maria Pia of Savoy, and Prince Michel of Bourbon-Parma 
 Ali Hanley, Matthew Mellon, and Nicole Hanley Mellon 
 Bob Hardwick and Ali Hanley 
 Christopher Walling and Judy Schrafft 
 Douglas Jencks, Leslie Slatkin, and Larry Laslow 
 Caroline Freney, Jim Freney, and Pamela O'Connor 
 Fred Clark, Jim Apostolakis, and Bob Hardwick 
 Evelyn Harrison and Jenny Garrigues 
 Gregory Dryer and Kim Dryer 
Harold Koplewcz and Stephanie LaCava
The Feb 19th Opening Reception for Creativity Workshops, a new program that invites teens to engage in a creative project designed with an artist showcased 25 local students art designed at this month's premier 2 hour workshop at the Child Mind Institute. 
Guests of the Child Mind Institute gathered at the Journal Gallery in Williamsburg, Brooklyn for the Feb 19th Opening Reception for Creativity Workshops, a new program that invites teens to engage in a creative project designed with an artist. 
Goodie bags were provided by Marc Jacobs. LaCava collaborated with Marc Jacobs on an accessories line inspired by her book with proceeds benefiting the Child Mind Institute.
William Randolph Hearst, Winston Churchill and Louis B. Mayer on the MGM studio lot in 1930.
Irina Shayk 
Carol Scwartz and Scott Glenn 
Rosemary DeWitt and Ron Livingston 
Maria Sharapova 
Malik Bendjelloul 
Dennis Haysbert 
Julie Yaeger and Paul Rudd 
Andrew Saffir and Daniel Benedict 
Sally Field and Samuel Greisman 
Stephen Spielberg and Kate Capshaw 
Portia Rebecca and Peter Fonda
Fan Bing Bing
Summer Phoenix and Casey Affleck 
Paz Vega 
Jean Dujardin 
Jane Lynch
Corrine Bishop and Jamie Foxx
Marisa Tomei
Alessandra Ambrosio 
Bradley Cooper and Gloria Cooper 
Jennifer Lawrence 
Vera Wang and Hilary Swank
Nancy O'Dell 
Philip Seymour Hoffman 
 Miranda Kerr 
 Zooey Deschanel and Jamie Linden 
Julie Bowen 
 Diane von Furstenberg and Barry Diller 
 Leslie Mann 
 Robert Daly and Carole Bayer Sager 
 Mavis Leno and Jay Leno 
 Tom Ford 
 Lauren Miller and Seth Rogen 
 Jackie Collins 
 Jon Hamm and Jennifer Westfeldt 
 Jimmy Buffett and Janie Buffett 
 Lily Collins 
 Lydia Andrich and Robbie Robertson 
 Emily Mortimer and Alessandro Nivola 
 Allison Williams 
 Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson 
Cocktails at  the Museum of the City of New York's annual Winter Ball at the Pierre.
 Nai-Ni Chen Dance Company Dragon Dance on Josie Robetson Plaza 
 Long Yu conducts the Snow Lotus Trio with the NY Philharmonic 
 Herbie Hancock and the NY Philharmonic 
 Angela Chen  (Gala Co-chair), Karen LeFrak  (Board Member and Chair, Special Events Committee), Ghislaine Maxwell, and Gillian Miniter 
 Audrey Gruss, Richard LeFrak, and Christine Schwarzman 
 Cathy Wu, H.E. Ambassador SUN Guoxiang (Honorary Gala Chairman), and Curtis Kohlhaas 
 Charles Niemeth (Board Member), Anne Niemeth, Ronald Ulrich (Board Member), and Christian Samper 
 Daria Foster (Board Member) 
 Donald Tober, Barbara Tober, Shirley Young  (Gala Co-chair), and Sandra Warshawsky (Board Member) 
 Gary Parr  (Chairman and Gala Co-chair) and Long Yu (conductor) 
 Helen Levy, Sharon Hite, Stan Warshawsky, and Sandra Warshawsky (Board Member) 
 Hilary Ross, Wilbur Ross, Karen LeFrak (Board Member and Chair, Special Events Committee), Richard LeFrak, and Gary Parr (Chairman and Gala Co-chair) 
 Hsin-Mei Agnes Hsu (speaker), Younghee Kim-Wait, Karen LeFrak (Board Member and Chair, Special Events Committee), and Shirley Young (Gala Co-chair) 
 Huari LI, Christina MacDonald, and Madam Sujuan HE 
 Kathy Mele and Music Director Alan Gilbert 
 Kathy Mele, Ying Huang (soprano) and Shirley Young (Gala Co-chair) 
 Li Jing, Jason Hirsch, and Jeanne Lawrence 
 Lizabeth Newman (Board Member) 
 Mark Baumgartner and Bei Saville 
 Matthew VanBesien (Exectuive Director), Rosie Jowitt, Madam WEN Na, and Angela Chen (Gala Co-chair) 
 New York Philharmonic leadership and philanthropists behind the Chinese New Year Gala, with their families and the Nai-Ni Chen Dance Company 
 Noreen Buckfire 
 Oscar Tang (Gala Co-chair), Hsin-Mei Agnes Hsu (speaker), and Gary Parr (Chairman and Gala Co-chair) 
 Roy Keen, Guy Fiennes, Lady Susannah Fiennes, Yue-Sai Kan, Angela Chen (Gala Co-chair), and Ghislaine Maxwell 
 Roy Keen, Ida Liu, Jason Hirsch, Li Jing, Jeanne Lawrence, Patricia Shiah, Lucia Hwong Gordon, Robert Willis, and Angela Chen (Gala Co-Chair) 
 Shirley Young  (Gala Co-chair), Matthew VanBesien (Executive Director), Rosie Jowitt, LI Zi Jiang, Mrs. LI Zi Jiang, and Lizzy Li 
 Snow Lotus Trio and H.E. Ambassador SUN Guoxiang (Honorary Gala Chairman) 
 Snow Lotus Trio with Sanford Prater and Shirley Bacot Shamel (Board Member) 
 Wilson Ling, Angela Chen (Gala Co-chair), and Gary Parr (Chairman and Gala Co-chair) 
 Yue-Sai Kan, H.E. Ambassador SUN Guoxiang  (Honorary Gala Chairman), Madam WANG Min (Honorary Gala Chairman), and SUN Hao 
Generosity Leadership Board and Host Committee 
Grace Bronstein, Jon Jesselson, and Tammy Schlosberg
Peter Stern, Kyle Koeppel, Lee Brodsky, Jackie Friedman, and Aaron Zises
Jonathan Glass, Ben Okin, and David Nathan
Erica Sutton and Joshua Friedman
Courtney Grabel, Zachary Garber, and Melanie Baevsky
Blake Kohn Sonnenshein, Samantha Elfland, and Jaclyn Elfland
Jeff Stern, Amanda Schwartz, and Peter Stern
The candy table
 The Chinese Rotunda, Penn Museum at CommonBond's launch gala to benefit KIPP Philadelphia Schools.
John Griffin, Mayor Cory Booker, and Amy Griffin
John Griffin and Mayor Cory Booker
Mayor Cory Booker, Amy Griffin, and John Griffin
Suzanne Cochran, Jamee Gregory, Alexia Hamm Ryan, and Sara Ayres
Alexia Hamm Ryan, Richie Howe, and Anjali Melwani
Karen Klopp, Andrea de Cholnoky, and Gabrielle Bacon
Kalliope Karella and Christine Schwarzman
Patricia Brett, Cynthia van Eck, Hope Eisman, and Jo Merlau
Dara O'Hara and Jackie Williams
David Rubenstein and Jon Meacham
 Jon Meacham, David Rubenstein, FAPE President Eden Rafshoon, and FAPE Chairman Jo Carole Lauder. 
FAPE Chairman Jo Carole Lauder, Sandi Pei, and FAPE President Eden Rafshoon.
FAPE Chairman Jo Carole Lauder with Carmel and Babette Cohen
Laura and Dick Parsons, member of FAPE's Annenberg Award Jury, with Dylan Glen
Gwen and Peter Norton, FAPE Board member
Lally Weymouth and The Honorable Boyden Gray
FAPE Vice President Darren Walker and FAPE Board member Agnes Gund
Commissioner Kate Levin and artist Ursula von Rydingsvard
Jill Sackler and artist Joel Shapiro
Renée Flemming, Heather Watts, and Damian Woetzel
 Ramiro Del Valle, Michael Taormina (Co-Founder & CFO, CommonBond), Camila Penazzo, David Klein (Co-Founder & CEO, CommonBond), and Alia Avidan 
 Nanki Marwah, Mayuri Shah, Will Morel, Ashley Marie Bittner, and Stephanie Wu 
 Carter Leggett and Meghan Perley Leggett 
 Pablo Pedrejón García, Margaret Davidson, Roxana Canales, Alberto Alcaraz, Diego Mariño, Christopher Porras, Neha Singhania, Shruti Malik, Paula Martinelli and Deepa Gandhi 
 Katie Goldsmith and Moran Amir 
 Ian Martinez and Ana Lucia Morales 
 Amy Daschle and Mike Daschle 
 Kush Patel 
 Jenny X. Zhang and George Xian Zeng 
 KIPP Philadelphia friends, Lydia Alice, Kendra-Lee Rosatim Lindsey Pittas, and Reina Wilkes Prowler 
 Stefanie Williams, Etzerson Philitas, Kizzy Maitland, and Don Makumbe 
 Molly Dince, Jeremy Cook, Nathan Howard, Etzerson Philitas, Natasha Ketabchi, Mariana Lever, and Ramiro Del Valle 
 Sarah Gomez 
 Christopher Porras, Kizzy Maitland, Andrew Towne, George Xiang Zeng and Kenny X. Zhang 
 Derek Kleinow, Grace Song, Valdis Lenss, Amy Peppers, Ashley Beckner, Katherine Healy, and Kimberly J. Wong 
 Toby Clarence-Smith and Thomas Baldwin 
Chuck Nouras, Pia Kristina Schafer, and Fernando Gomez Arriola 
 Rahim Kurji 
 Grace Capeless 
 Eddie Korbich 
 Steve Rosen 
 Tony Sheldon, Will Swenson, and Nick Adams 
 Shakina Mayfack 
 Norm Lewis 
 Julie White 
James Finkel, Scott Carney,  Marco Maccioni, Sharon Egilin, Sirio Maccioni,
            Andre Soltner,  Jacques Torres, and Gary J. Baumann
 Andre Soltner, Marjorie R. Gordon, and Jacques Torres 
 Ellery Gordon and Marjorie R. Gordon 
 James Finkel and Andre Soltner 
 Gary J. Baumann 
 Hether Goldman and Sharon Egilin 
 Master Sommelier Scott Carney with Jacques Torres
            

 Dusty and Joyce Sang 
 Gary Lickle and Michelle Henry 
 Bobby Leidy and Ashley Cherowitzo, Chris Leidy and Kendall Fabian 
 Lori Gendelman and Denise Hanley 
 Chad Renfro, Ross Meltzer and Beau Breckenridge 
 Micah and Rob Ford 
 Sidney and Dorothy Kohl 
 Stella Abrera and Alexandre Hammoudi at "Creating the Dance with Marcelo Gomes.”
 Alexa Wolman, Judith M. Hoffman, Heather Georges, and Kamie Lightburn 
 Sheldon Hirshon, Jutta Sayles, Alexa Wolman, Irene Shen, and Robert Schulman 
 Alexandre Hammoudi, Dr. Jennifer Chaitman, and Charles Chaitman 
 Evelyn Tompkins 
 Guy Robinson and Elizabeth Stribling 
 Sue Chalom, Whitney Connor, and Stephanie Foster 
 The U.S. Marine Corps color guard 
 Dr. Rosa Rai Djalal and Ambassador Dr. Dino Patti Djalal 
 Gail McGovern 
 Rhonda Wilkins 
 Peter Duchin and Cole Rumbough 
 Rumbough family 
 Dina Merrill Hartley and Rumbough family 
 Stanley Rumbough and Dina Merrill 
 Audrey Gruss, Ambassador from Singapore, and Ashok Mirpuri 
 Wilbur Ross and Martin Gruss 
 Stuart Bernstein, Mary Ourisman and Bonnie McElveen-Hunter, and Gail McGovern 
 Howard Barry Vernick and Nancy Bricker 
 Dan Hall, Nancy Reynolds, Madame Gouri and Ashok Mirpuri 
 Mai Harrison and Giosetta Capriati 
 Regine and Commissioner William J. Diamond 
 Ambassador Dr. Dino Patti Djalal, Dr. Rosa Rai Djalal, Marie Royce, and US Rep Ed Royce 
 Lois Pope and Dr. Robert Mackler 
 Wilbur Ross and Hilary Geary Ross 
 Jean Shafiroff and Stanley Rumbough 
 Elizabeth Meigher, Tom Shaffer, and Kate Pickett 
 The Associates Committee of The Society of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center's  5th Annual Associates Luncheon at Saks  Fifth Avenue.
 The luncheon guests
 Suzy Johnson, Bara Tisch, Kate Doerge, Shoshanna Gruss, Veronica Swanson Beard, and Shabnam Henry 
 Ivanka Trump 
 Dr. Annette Rickel, Suzy Johnson, and Rebecca Jobo 
 Christina Potter and Meriel Lari 
 Leslie Coleman, Maria Giulia Maramotti, Celia Nichols, and Katie Colgate 
 Kate Allen, Eleanor Ylvisaker, and Dara O'Hara 
 Shabnam Henry and Emily Boshart 
 Kate Allen and Angela Clofine 
 Jenny Galluzzo, Jennifer Oken, and Courtney Corleto 
 Lisa Blau, Melissa Meister, and Erica Silverman 
 Elizabeth Kurpis and Melanie Lazenby 
 Nina Davidson and Lauren Santo Domingo 
 Suzie Aijala, Angela Clofine, and Shannon Henderson 
 Deb and Escort dancing formation 
 Dignitary procession led by Renate Brauner and Hans Peter Manz 
 Midnight Quadrille 
Post-midnight dancing
 Heinz Heidenreich, Choreographer and Artistic Director of the Vienna City Ballet 
 Sherrill Milnes and Maria Zouves 
 Tony and Lina Dovolani, Val Chmerkovskiy, Logan West, and Maks Chmerkovskiy 
 Chiu Ti Jansen, EU Head of Delegation to the UN, Thomas Mayr-Harting, Dr. and Mrs. Miklos Toth, Debbi Hardik 
 Dr. and Mrs. Melvin J. Sturman 
 Dr. Omar and Cheryl Almallah 
 Gregory and Margaret Hedberg, Head of the International Ball 
 Howard Horowitz, Barbara Duerrer, and Ambassador Hans Peter Manz 
 Austrian Ambasador to the UN, Martin Sajdik 
 Logan West and escort 
 Marquelon Ingram with her escort, Tony Hernandez 
 Sherrill Milnes, Maria Zouves, Penny and Clive Gillinson 
 Miss Teen USA, Logan West 
 Stephanie Nass and Cassius Clay 
 Sally Tycher, Richard J. Mack, and Marshall Tycher 
 Edmond Levy, David Milgram, David Robinov, Gabriel F. Wasserman, and Jonathan More 
 Cindy Feinberg and Laura Greenfield 
 Emanuel Stern and Marshall Tycher 
 Michael Schonbraun and Alfonso Kimche 
 Mitchell Moinian and Joseph Moinian 
 Michael Vickers and Marc Fells 
 Dana Tycher (center) and friends 
 Stanley Oppenheim, Matthew Kasindorf, and Daniel Oppenheim 
 Robert Arzanipour, Bram D. Weber, Vladimir Shneyder, and Shane Neuringer 
 Rik Willard, Lauren Haynes, and Thomas Lax 
 Don Bransford, Pat Bransford, and Lloyd Trotter 
 Agnes Gund and Chuck Close 
 Ken Smaltz and Erich Williams 
 Michael Brathwaite and Charlene Nixon 
 Kim Powell and Ava Jaulin 
 Victor Jones and Rick Wade 
 Corynne Corbett and Vicky Free 
 Ondine Abramson, Deborah Ross, and Seth Abramson 
 Chris Williams and Fred Terell 
 Susan Fales-Hill, Susan Akkad, and Farai Chideya 
 Gigi Guerra and Eddie Volchko 
 Amsale Aberra, Kathryn Chenault, and Saundra Parks 
 Erana Stennett and Thelma Golden 
 The scene at The Vault at Pfaffs 
 Donald Kramer and JKO Student 
 Ann Hicks and Weston Hicks 
 Kevin McKenzie, Julie Kent, and Franco DeVita 
 Catherine Hurlin and Katerina Eng 
 Christian Keesee and Misty Copeland 
 Sterling Baca, Gabe Stone Shayer, Calvin Royal III, Roddy Doble, and Sean Stewart 
 Day Bowidas and JKO Student 
 Dan Strone and Carol Strone 
 Harold Newman, Ann Hicks, and Ruth Newman 
 Don Cugini, Kim Cugini, and JKO student 
 Donald Kramer, Sharon Patrick, Franco DeVita, and Leslie Ziff 
 Judith Hoffman and Leslie Ziff 
 Heidi Guenther, Franco DeVita, and Mary Jo Ziesel 
 Julian Donahue and David Hallberg 
 Julie Kent and Leslie Ziff 
 Students from the JKO School 
 Leslie Ziff and David Hallberg 
 Behati Prinsloo 
 Leilani Ching, Bill Cunningham, and Julia Dunstall 
 Zach McMillan and Kevin Baker 
 Jessica Trujillo, Ashley Cole, and Michelle Banzer 
 Gerry Visco and Johnny Sagan 
 Jason Bartnett and Alex Ghinger 
 Jillian Mercado and Patrick Murphy 
 Baby Alpaca 
 Ricky Clifton and Chris Kittrell 
 Kenny Sullivan, Patrick Duffy, and Kristen Boyce 
 Mitch Baker and Jonathan Black 
 Rajan Mamtani and Ross Bleckner 
 Jarrett Edwards and Zac Weiss 
 Sandra Gilman, Elizabeth Stribling, and Guy Robinson 
 Beth Rudin DeWoody, Lisa Ryder, and Randy Polumbo 
 Yael Greenberg 
 Karline Moeller and Bernadette Murray 
 Lucy Stamper, Eva Fakatselis, and Michael Fiorvanti 
 Kate Sewart and Christina Green 
 Alcibiades Languasco 
 Colette and Gerry Visco 
 Steven Grimler and Joe Coppolo 
 Stephen Boyd and Shannon Durrette 
 Two pieces by Kevin Baker 
 Matthew Owens, Kipton Cronkite, Elizabeth Kneiling, Rebecca Regan, Clay Floren, and Melanie Lazenby 
 Elizabeth Kurpis and Lily Hoagland 
 Jeremiah Brent, Kelly Dehun, Nate Berkus, and Wendy Goodman 
 Amy Fine Collins and Michael Leva 
 Todd Henderson, Deborah Canavos, Ryan Lally, and Lindsay Lally 
 Rachael Robison, Adam Robison, and Valaer Van Roijen 
 Nicole Davis, Michael Davis, Jill Goldberg, and Eddie Ross 
 Lana Smith and Polina Proshkina 
 Eyal Arad, Kipton Cronkite, Matthew Owens, and Clay Floren 
 Emily Israel Pluhar, John Sanchez, and Courtney Booth 
 Beth Holman, Jay Lohmann, Lindsey Harper, Chris Kerr, and Elissa Coughlin 
 Liliana Cavendish and Courtney Booth 
 Stephen Wein and Benjamin Noriega-Ortiz 
 Whitney Wolfe, Monica Ferguson, Clay Floren, and Sharon Sharma 
 Barbara Bispham, Lucinda Ballard, and Morgan Breck 
 Shannon Hale, Dawne Marie Grannum, and Courtney Booth 
 Tara Tunney and Melissa Epperly 
 Stephanie Pistilli 
 Meaghan Gefaell, Jason Gefaell, Nick Kotchoubey, and Eiseley Tauginas 
 Georgina Schaeffer and Jason Oliver Nixon 
 Rebecca Regan, Clay Floren, and Melanie Lazenby 
 Victoria Tolembiovskiya, Cameron Shay, and Anastasiya Siro 
 Montana Timchula, Alisa Wood, Alastair Wood, Monica Ferguson, and Sharon Patel 
 Designers and Models at VERA and Save Love Give Launch 
 Miguelina Gambaccini, Stacy Engman, and Tana Chung 
 Mickalene Thomas. Hannah Bronfman, Lady Liliana Cavendish, Stacey Engman, and Stephanie Newhouse 
 Hannah Brontman and Marcel Moronglu 
 Julie Macklowe, Gigi Grimstad, and Countess Luann De Lesseps 
 Mary Alice Stephenson and Kelly Rutherford 
 Liliana Cavendish 
 Arden Wohl and friends
 Jennifer Gilbert and Julie Macklowe 
2013 Family Benefit Co-Chairs Beth Kojima, Tina Samii, Katerina Alevizaki-Dracopoulos, Amanda Waldron, Andrea Olshan, and Daisy Prince with Library President Anthony W. Marx
Astor Hall
A happy attendee
Alexander, Lauren, and Julian Silverman
One of the festive performers at the event
The Shields of the Shire craft station
The Hats in the Belfry craft station
Shira Bressler and Rachel Blumenthal
 Conservancy President, Peg Breen, Landmarks Commission Chair, Robert Tierney, Conservancy Chair, Stuart Siegel, and Living Landmark, Liz Smith 
 Councilmember Gale Brewer, Kate Daly, Robert Tierney, and Mark Silberman 
 Margery Flannigan, Peg Breen, and Anne VanIngen 
 Otis Pearsall, Nancy Pearsall, Tom Chittenden, Alex Herrera, and Jane McGroarty 
 Andrew Dolkart and Carol Willis 
 Bruce Knecht, Ronne Fisher, and George Brandt 
 Cristabel Gough and Frannie Eberhart 
 Debbie Janoff, Peter Dorn, and Allan Janoff 
 Mary Goldschlager, Ted Goldschlager, and Nancy Ozelli 
 Jack and Doreen Barry 
 David Blomquist, Christiana Thurton, and James Beck 
 Lauren Hayes and Beth Kroncke 
 Amy Sawransky and David Weingarten 
 Mardi Schecter, Amy Sole, and Kathy Younkins 
 Tina Swierad and Anna Jurgowski 
 Steven McClure, Lelsey Schultz, and Michael Stern 
 Paige Zelinsky, Christine Evans, and Katie Manko 
 Carmen Rodriguez, Christine Main, Jill Labert, and Sue Orchant 
 John Zieman and Dana Lowey 
 Nicole Caltum, Sam Naimiarfa, and Michela Pontin 
 Jessica Mezzacappa and Ellie Libby 
 Leslie Stevens and John Zieman 
 Dana Lowey and Cricket Burns
 Beth Ann Bonanno and Ganon Brosseau 
 Steve Diamond and Susan Towers 
 Esra Munnell, Gavin Munnell, and Clark Munnell 
 Will Ellis as GI Joe 
 Max Hausman, Liz Cohen-Hausman, Miranda Hausman, Amanda Fraser Gajwani, and Leighton Gajwani 
 Jennifer Fleischer, Irwin Schwartz, and Alex Schwartz 
 Josie Stern, Judy Stern Beck, and Liz Stern 
 Michelle Smith, Andy Oshrin, William Oshrin, and Sophia Oshrin 
 Stacy Baron as Cornelia Von Varick 
 Claire McDermott, Catherine McDermott, and Bridget McDermott 
 Benjamin Franklin and David Fishman, (Abraham Lincoln) 
 Caroline Schmidt Barnett and Lise Evans 
 Lucas Downes, Melody Rollins Downes, and Camille Downes 
 Claire Sotkin and Suzann Sotkin 
 Phoebe Lightburn, Kamie Lightburn, and Carter Lightburn 
 Molly Monahan, Helen Williams, Michelle Pastor, and Steve Schiller 
 Rosa Tejada and Tyrone Dennis as James McEwan 
 Ambassador Mary Ourisman, R. Couri Hay, Nicole Hanley Mellon, and Christine Schott 
 Ambassador Mary Ourisman 
 Michelle Gerber Klein and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Nicole Hanley Mellon and Consuelo Vanderbilt Costin 
 Michelle Gerber Klein, Michelle-Marie Heinemann, Nicole Hanley Mellon, and Jean Shafiroff 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Maggie Norris and Lucia Hwong Gordon 
 Jon Heinemann and Michelle-Marie Heinemann 
 Mark Gilbertson and Christine Schott 
Julianna Margulies and Joshua Bell 
Julie and Billy Macklowe 
Amy Fine Collins
Leslie Klotz and Debbie Bancroft
Lily Cowles, Joshua Bell, and Christine Baranski 
Marianne Garvey and Robert Shooter
Ralph Lauren, Ricky Lauren, David Lauren, and Lauren Bush Lauren 
Kyle MacLachlan and Joshua Bell 
Gayle King, Tommy Hilfiger, Dee Ocleppo, and Karen Karlsrud 
Desiree Gruber and Kyle MacLachlan
Dee Ocleppo and Carol Alt 
The Opening Night of the 59th Annual Winter Antiques Show benefiting East Side House Settlement.
 Michael Lynch, Donald Ross, Kelly Coffey, Barry Sommers, Lucinda Ballard, Arie Kopelman, Lady Henrietta Spencer-Churhill, Trudy Coxe, Peter Standish, Debra del Vecchio, and Claudio del Vecchio 
 Trudy Coxe, Kevin Sharkey, and Martha Stewart 
 John Sanchez and Caroline Kennedy 
 Peter Brant and Peter Brant Jr. 
 Jonathan Tisch and Lizzie Tisch 
 Lucinda Ballard, Jay Cantor, Ritchie Scaife, and Stiles Colwill 
 Lenore and Peter Standish 
 Betsey Ruprecht, Mark Mason, and Erica Mason 
 Amy Berkowitz, Tim Berkowitz, and Eaddo Kiernan 
 Robert Turner and CeCe Cord 
 Maurice Sonnenberg, Michael Lynch, Lucinda Ballard, Arie Kopelman, and Kelly Coffey 
 Eula Johnson 
 Peter Pennoyer and Katie Ridder 
 Donald Ross, Holly Bannister, and Douglas Newhouse 
 Leonard Lauder 
 Lydia Tower and Molly De Ramel 
 David Dangremond, Trudy Coxe, and Lynn Roberts 
 Lucinda Ballard and Ruth Smithers 
 Barbara Regna 
 Jean Shafiroff, Alison Minton, Daniel Colon, Dawne Marie Grannum, and Dr. Penny Grant 
 Barbara Cirkva and John Schumacher 
 Susan Magrino and Julie Loria 
 Barbara Chapman, Duncan Chapman, Donald Ross, and Lady Henrietta Spencer-Churchill 
 Sadie Kargman and Jill Kargman 
 Elizabeth Stribling, Elizabeth Scott, Stanley Scott, and CeCe Black 
 Diane Carter and Norma McLeod 
 Jasmine Espanol, Leigh Keno, Emily Keno, and Ed Becnel 
 Deborah Royce and CeCe Black 
 Elizabeth Wilson, Cassandra Miller, Benita Wilson, and Sydney Torres 
 Filipa Ammann, Pernilla Ammann, Jill Ross, Caroline Cole, and Yesim Philip 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson and Nyssa Kourakos 
 Gillian Miniter, Adelina Wong Ettelson, Yesim Philip, and Vicki Foley 
 Jessica Tullman, Laura Hall, Christy Brega, and Wendy Van Raalte 
 Jonathan Adelson, Henry Adelson, and Mary Beth Adelson 
 Kerry Shannon, Aliza Ameer, Elizabeth Garrett, and Wendy Van Raalte 
 Madison Wotiz and Ashley Wotiz 
 Serena Miniter, Gillian Miniter, R. Couri Hay, and Eugenia Bullock 
 Rena Fischler, Daniel Kaufthal, Sara Menkin, Laura Kaufthal, Adam Hirsch, Jessica Sylvester, and Todd Cooper 
 Nicholas Lowry 
 Leann Taylor 
 Cory Baker, Daniela Mendelsohn, David Kaufthal, and Yael Baker 
 Haley Ray, Lauren Krautmann, Liza Streiff, Rachel McKenny, Kate Cherry, and Matt Yelovich 
 Haley Ray and Lauren Krautmann 
 Asha Osman and Kate Baseman Lupo 
 Irene Tien and Yosaif Cohain 
 Jamie Bryant, Danette Ott, and Mea Sucato 
 Jason Birke and Elan Ben Avi 
 Jen Saviano, Josh Saviano, and Roger Gold 
 Jennie Russo, Charlotte Ronson, Amanda Cavallacci, and Jamie Harman 
 Lauren Goldberg, Nicholas Lowry, Brittney Ingarra, and Kristina Goodstadt 
 Linda Koyfman, Hilary Koyfman, and Leib Koyfman 
 Rachel McKenny, Daniela Mendelsohn, and Peter Bremberg 
 Tennille Frank, David Benattar, and Tiffany Gaudio 
  Budapest Festival Orchestra's  Great Performers series dinner on the promenade of Avery Fisher Hall.
 Daisy Soros, Beth Jacobs, and Ivan Fischer
            blowing out his birthday candles
 Daisy Soros, Ivan Fischer, and Beth Jacobs 
 Cathy Ranieri, Yves Gaden, John Wetzler, and Pat Wetzler 
 Dr Richard Bockman, Christie Urlich, Rob Urlich, and Gail Hayman 
 Gianluigi Vittadini and Adrienne Vittadini 
 Dafna Schmerin, Noreen Buckfire, and Dr. Michael Schmerin 
 Erno Hollo, Irene Hollo, and Blaise Pasztory 
 Gianluigi Vittadini, Adrienne Vittadini, Sahra Lese, Ivan Fischer, and Daisy Soros 
 Ken Roman and Irene Moscahlaidis 
 Ellis Rubinstein and Joanna Rubinstein 
 Andrew Saul, David Tobey, Julie Tobey, and Richard Feigen 
 Kathy Megyeri, Susan Hutchison, and Leslie Megyeri 
 Judi Sorensen Flom and Susan Hutchison 
 Bill Cunningham and Sahra Lese 
 Adam Gyorgy and Sylvia Hemingway 
 Vera Blinken, Ambassador Gianluigi Vittadini, and Aniko Gaal Schott 
 Larry Saper, Analiese Soros, and Ronald Ulrich 
 Alexandra Huebner, John de Csepel, and Julie Tobey 
 Maria Eugenia Haseltine and William Haseltine 
 Joanna Rubinstein, Dr Michael Sheffery, and Beth Jacobs 
 Jane Cafritz and Hilaire O'Malley 
 Lady Va Maughan and Karlheinz Muhr 
 Sebastian Baverstam and Ivan Fischer 
 Matthew Broderick, James Wilke Broderick, and Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Zach Neumann, Matthew Broderick, and Martha Broderick 
 Andy Arnot, Sarah Jessica Parker, Matthew Broderick, and Eric Brown 
 Kyle O'Donnell and Frank Selvaggi 
 Alex Merchant and Madeline Lagattuta 
 Billy DiMichele and Benjamin Stark 
 Jane Freilicher, Eric Brown, and Elizabeth Hazan 
 Janna Heiman, Lauren Leslie, and Jess Kimball 
 Cord Marlowe and Kelly Marlowe 
 Hannah Kraft, Janet Broderick, James Kraft, Zach Neumann, Martha Broderick, Alexis Broderick, and Matthew Broderick 
 Sarah Burns, Barbara Alton, and Juli Reddy 
 Angie Schworer, Zach Neumann, and Richard Bird 
 Elizabeth Grobel and Alexis Broderick 
 Angie Schworer, Yloy Ybarra, Jimmy Borstelmann, Heather McVeigh, and Richard Bird 
 Lorrie Smith and Jeff Levine 
 Rini Andres, Edith Baker, Honored for her Support in Rebuilding the Museum, and Roger Lee 
 Sam and Susanne Tyuluman 
 Julia Stjernstrom and AraDonna 
 Carol Seay and Judith Seay 
 Hector Hinojosa and Clara Hinojosa 
 Artist Kent Perkins, Scott Peck, Museum Curator and Co-Director, Comedienne and Artist Ruth Buzzi 
 Christi Harris and ML Speer 
 Patty Jo and John Turner, Host Committee 
 Suzanne Boch and Michael Grishman 
The 47  women of distinction  at the 58th Anniversary of the International Debutante Ball.
 Bess Chapman, Kate Marshall, Anne Haberman, Abigail Stone, and Anne Cook 
 Lisa Semm, Kristine Davis, and Christine Campbell 
 Eli Walker and Joe Bernik 
 Aimee Denaro, Tom Fitzgerald, and Jamie Ablett 
 Stefania Rincon and Matthew Gates 
 Paul Stamas, Stephanie Xethalis, Jarrett McGovern, and Rose Martincak 
 Ashley Rissolo and Amanda Ens 
 Joanna and Matthew Santiago 
 Anita Halton, Sarah Lawrence, and Hope Yates 
 Anna Varshisky, Elizabeth Steel, Lisa Semm, and Emily Daman 
 CeCe Barfield, William Sinclair, Elizabeth Steel, and Anna Varshisky 
 Quemuel Arroyo, Allison O'Hanley, and Serena Piol 
 Montgomery Brown, Sam Martin, and Tyler MacDonald 
 Beatrice Kernan and Maddi Clarke 
 Dawn Wilson and Andrea Frett 
 Nicole Basabe and Dennis Kim 
 Erin Wylie and Alexandra Segalas 
 Amanda Luskin, Abby Rice, Brooke Richman, and Kylie Gattinella 
 Andrew Gough and Catherine Wert 
 Matthew Rainwater and Anna Ivanova 
 Asya Varshisky and Kelley Weir 
 Matt Klein and Matt Somma 
 Cheryl Wak and Jing Ri 
 Joseph Weilgus and Ben Strouse 
 Katrina Frantz and Mimi Pitney 
 Paige Pedersen and Piret Aava 
 Kristen O'Neill, Evan Speiser, and Alexandra O'Neill 
 Angela Redai and Brittany Kligman 
 Sari Tepper, Carolyn Daman, and Adam Paige Hess 
 Tammy Przybyski, Tom Frisina, and Teresa Frisina 
 Sara Rafferty and Deon Serrant 
 Andrey Golovicher, Abigail Stone, Anna Varshisky, and Naor Berkner 
 Melissa Cherry, Joseph Weilgus, and Quiana Grant 
 Caitlin Clark, Rebecca Allen, and Charlotte Steel 
 Christopher Wong, Farah Bahmani, and Victor Scimeca 
 Annette Rickel, Valerie Rusch, Mark Kris, and Nicole Limbocker 
 Frances Scaife and Tom McCarter 
 Tim Malloy, Eva Bodnar, and Susan Malloy 
 Christopher Milliken, Jim Clarke, Maureen Donnell, and Nancy Milliken 
 Dick Cowell and Dudley Moore 
 Marvin Davidson, Peggy Moore, and Mary Davidson 
 Clelia and Tom Zacharias, Ann Jeffries 
 Ginny Burke, Jeff and Cynthia Mack 
 Rand and Jesse Araskog, Mark Gilbertson 
 Suzanne O'Malley and Elenora Kennedy 
The Children of Armenia Fund's  Ninth Annual Holiday Gala in The Temple of Dendur attThe Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Macy's wrote out a check for $400,000 in support of St. Francis Food Pantries and Shelters
 Joe Pontarelli, Larry Wohl, Colleen Rein, Jane Pontarelli, Richard Soloway, Leesa Rowland, and Donna Soloway 
 Tony Lo Bianco and Tony Danza 
 John Catsimatidis, Eben Bronfman, Margo Catsimatidis, and Rhea Grous 
 Curtis Sliwa and Ernie Anastos 
 Kim Thompson and Cal Ramsey 
 Liz Muskat, Allen Berk, and Marylou Berk 
 Theresa Gilligan, Father Francis Gasparick, and Frank Colluccio 
 Rod Gilbert and Louis Siracusano 
 Amy Berman, David Hooker, and Mickey Heller 
 Joe Sano, Janet Neiman, and Father Francis Gasparick 
 Dolores Gallo, Greg Gallo, and Debby Gallo 
 Shannon Pashcow, Allan Pashcow, and Louise Pashcow 
 Margaret Grioli, Mitch Leventhal, Valerie Leventhal, and Ellen Leventhal 
 Rhea Albert and Cheryl Benton 
 Suzanne Aquino, Joseph Aquino, Laura Walker, Kennetha Pettus, Faith Hope Consolo, Maureen Munroe, Karen Dome, and Joanna Capobianco 
 Tony Lo Bianco, John and Margo Catsimatidis, Tony Danza, and Ernie Anastos 
 Tony Danza and the FOX News team singing New York, New York
 His Eminence, Edward Cardinal Egan and His Eminence, Timothy Michael Cardinal Dolan 
 Amir Small, His Eminence, Timothy Michael Cardinal Dolan, His Eminence, Edward Cardinal Egan, and Peter T. Grauer 
 Mo Rocca 
 Sr. Veronica Woods Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Small 
 Susan George, Executive Director of Inner-City Scholarship Fund, Christie de Nicola, and Tony de Nicola 
 Paul P. Wollard, His Eminence, Edward Cardinal Egan, and Ruth Woolard 
 The Saint Raymond School Choir 
 Committee, Board, Special Guests, Honorees and Performers at Third Street Music School Settlement's  118th Anniversary Luncheon.
 Meg Johnson and Ashleigh Brogan 
 Tyler Pakradooni and Lauren Gamba 
 Notables Committee member Adriana Herrera 
 Notables co-chair Jimmy Zankel gives opening remarks 
 Gabriel Kahane, Aoife O'Donovan, Julian Lage, Rob Moose, and ACME 
 Gabriel Kahane, Rob Moose, Aoife O'Donovan 
 Julian Lage 
 Aoife O'Donovan 
 Gabriel Kahane 
 Ahmed Alabaca and Ramon Brown 
 Linda Nelson, Timothy Peterson, Stuart Nelson, Gabriel Kahane, Daniel Montilla, Adriana Herrera, and Alex Goldberg 
 The after-party begins at the Empire Hotel Rooftop with music by DJ's Timo and Alan 
 Julian Lage and friends
 Maryn Tillman, Ramona Dessouki, Elizabeth Taveras, and Tom Burke 
 Jeremy Geffen and Emma Tepfer 
 Notables dance the night away 
Hal Prince, Audra McDonald, Claude Kelly, and Lee Koonce
Diana Huggin, David Huggin, Nancy Morgan, and Kerry Greene
Roni Kohen‐Lemle, Jane Polin, Christina McInerney, and Sonnet Takahisa
Barbara Field and Hal Prince
Ellsworth Stanton, Margaret Stocker, and Arthur Wallander
Anthony Macchiarulo, Peter Flint, Sophie Brechu‐West, and Ben Kaplan
David Stull, Robert Lemle, Roni Kohen‐Lemle, and Steven Natterstad
Dan Lipman and Claude Kelly
Jeannie Park, Erica Ahdoot, and Kerry Greene
Lawrence Spielman and Dan Lipman
Jan Amorosi, Katie Firth, Jonathan Bank, and Litsa Tsitsera
Joan Forsyth, Ted White, Judy White, and Susan Innamorato
Helena Finn, Jonathan Bank, Katie Firth, and Maria Szabo‐Goessler
 First Sgt. Rafael Najera; Captain Craig Tooker; Sgt. Jorge Negron; Lt. Col. Richard Bordonaro; First Sgt. John Alicea - 6th Communications Battalion, Flatbush, Brooklyn 
 Cathleen Carousso, Pam Madison, JoAnn Atlas,  Angela Callahan, and Arielle Lenza
 Martha Williams,  Shirley Johnson, Linda Giammona, and Jeanette Rivers
 Sandra Schimenti, Diane Schimenti,  and Kathleen Murray
 Lloyd Brown, Stephanie Palmer, Bob Annibale, and Gene McQuade 
 New York City Mission Society Board of Directors 
 Star Jones, Kathryn Chenault, and Alicia Bythewood 
 Jean Shafiroff and Amy Fine Collins 
 Stephanie Foster, Michael Grossman, John Foster, Cornelia Sharpe Bregman, and Wendy Sarasohn 
 Lee and CeCe Black 
 Christopher Geffrard, Alexis Thomas, and Jonathan Geffrard 
 Carole Bellidora Westfall and Emery Westfall 
 Michael, Cicely Tyson, Kathryn Chenault, Kenneth Chenault, Mark Anthony, and Cole Rumbough 
 Andrew Flach and Brooke Laing 
 David Hindie and Nancy Silberkleit 
 Dr. Daniel Blythewood with Christine  and George Stonbely 
 Donna Williams 
 Yoland Ferrell-Brown, Jonelle Procope, Alicia Blythewood, and Brie Blythewood 
 Maxine Grandison and Faye Wattleton 
 Alexandra Kindler-Mulitz and Caroline Firestone 
 Dawne Marie Grannum 
 Bill Ritter and Stanley H Rumbough 
 Reverend Dr. Calvin O Butts 
 Bill Ritter, Stanley Rumbough, Carl Sylvestre, and Kathryn Chenault 
 Cicley Tyson and Mayor David Dinkins 
 Kari  and Carl Tiedemann 
 Erik Bottcher, Saundra Parks, and Dr. Bert Peterson 
 Carole Bellidora Westfall and Christine Biddle 
Cocktails at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel for Dubin Breast Center of The Mount Sinai Medical Center's  second annual benefit.
 Drew Nieporent 
 Herbert S. Schlosser, Judith Schlosser, and Carl Goodman 
 Eddie Redmayne 
 Lorraine Bracco 
 Hugh Jackman and Rachel Weisz 
 Emilia Paul, Coralie Paul, Deborra-Lee Furness, and Hugh Jackman 
 Mike Nichols and Tom Hooper 
 Hoong Yee and Hugh Jackman 
 Adam Bartos and Rochelle Slovin 
 Audrey Gruss and George Kaufman 
 Jennifer Goodman, Carl Goodman, and Peter Cincotti 
 Dr. Ruth Westheimer and Bloomingdale's Holiday Bear 
 Donald Trump, Michael D. Fascitelli, and Melania Trump 
 Debra Perelman and Brooke Garber Neidich 
 George McNeely and Al Roker 
 Anne Keating and Brooke Garber Neidich 
 Dr. Sally Peterson, George McNeely, and Michael Carlisle 
The table settings at ACRIA's 17th Annual Holiday Dinner at the Stephan Weiss Studio at 711 Greenwich Streeet in the Village.
 David Furnish and Martha Nelson 
 Rachel Robison and Adam Robison 
 Charla Lawhon and Richard Lambertson 
 Steven Kolb 
 Chelsea Burns and Stephen Kinsella 
 David Kleinberg, Jonathan Klein, and Debby Klein 
 Melanie Lazenby and Lacary Sharpe 
 John Truex, Michelle Butler, and Alan Nissim 
 David Furnish and Marjorie Gubelmann 
 Roger Waters 
 Chanel Iman 
 Katie Holmes 
 Jeremy Piven 
 Bobby Moynihan and Seth Meyers 
 Billy Crystal 
 Lo Bosworth 
 Thelma Golden 
 Robert Verdi 
 Thakoon Panichgul 
 Polina Proshkina 
 Manish Vora 
 Scott Rothkopf 
 Allison Kanders and Warren Kanders 
 Karolina Zmarlak and Jenna Elizabeth 
 Dana Hammond Stubgen 
 Angela Goding and Jeremy Kost 
Shilly and Shamus were the star attractions of the night
Lauri Hoban and Kevin Morgan
Tory Burch and Tiffany Lacey, Executive Director of Animal Haven
Rachel Marin and Brad Williams who has really gotten into the Boardwalk Empire spirit
Candace DiConza and Loren Cole
Caroline Connolly and Dana Ashley
Christian Sullivan, Sylvester Rowe, and Jacob Dunn
Gary Sazer, Lois Sazer, Kate Thoman, and Keith Sazer
Heather Curatolo, Matthew Jones, and Ariana Johnston
Burlesque dancer, Bettina May
Band members from Vince Giordano's Nighthawks and the Gatsby ladies
JoAnn and Tom Mara
John Meyers and Mike Ponella, two bandmembers from Vince Giordano's Nighthawks.  I was told that Boardwalk Empire was just renewed for a fourth season
John Partilla, Carol Anne Riddell, A. J. Bellas, and Richard Bellas
Lara Clear and Carolina Santos Read, volunteering their time to help out at the event
Lawrence Selevan and Jo Kosewski
Michelle Bochynski and Elena Tarsitani, two Gatsby-esque ladies helping out at the event
Paula Campos, Alessia Pagnotta, and Kristin Lasher
Rachel Aschenbrand and Barry Robinson
Rebecca Metzger and Marc Ritter
Rebecca Zagen, Martina Pet and Angela Petrigliano
Scott Ornstein and Andre Langus
Victoria Malloy and Lisa Malloy
Yael Maxwell holding Shilly and Martha Kamberi holding Shamus.  Yael and Martha are Animal Haven volunteers.  Shilly and Shamus are brother and sister beagle puppies who are up for adoption
Vince Girodano's Nighthawks
Two dancing duos stepping to the beat of Vince Giordano's Nighthawks
 Cameron Silver, Julie Macklowe, and Peter Moses 
 Catherine Billon, Philip Kessler, and Leslie Carranza 
 Giovanni Lucchetti and Cameron Silver 
 Maud Cabot, Emilia K., Pablo Sanchez, Dina Piccininni, and Olivia Perault 
 Meaghen Stark and Giovanni Lucchetti 
 Lorraine Peoples, Bob Tyler, and Carrie Anne Precious 
 Olive O'Luck, Michelle Bergeron, and Karina Chudnoff 
 Ivana Delevska, Julie Macklowe, and Karina Chudnoff 
 Dina Piccininni, Kathy Sloane, and Emilia K. 
 Joshua Norris, Jefferey NG, Abdul Zahid, Ricki Rupine, Raymond Perez, Craig Cogut, Todd English, Soledad O'Brien, Denise L Nappier, Tommy Hilfiger, Deborah Cogut, John Delucie, Harry Belafonte at The Children’s Defense Fund-New York's annual CDF Beat the Odds® Awards Dinner  at the New York Athletic Club. 
 Teddy bears sponsored by late night guests to be given to children involved in the Leon M. Root, M.D. Pediatric Outreach Program at HSS 
 Unexpected Surfer Boys perform 
 Philip D. Wilson, Jr., M.D., orthopedic surgeon at Hospital for Special Surgery, Thomas Sculco, M.D., Surgeon-in-Chief at Hospital for Special Surgery and his wife Cynthia Sculco, chairperson of the Autumn Benefit (Larchmont, N.Y.) with Vivian Cardia 
 Paula Root, Leon Root, M.D., Charlotte Ford, Cynthia Sculco, chairperson, and Thomas Sculco, M.D. 
 Sherry Jacobs, Renee Flug, co-chair of the Autumn Benefit, and Sandy Teitelbaum 
 Mary Lee and  Louis A. Shapiro, president and CEO, Hospital for Special Surgery at Hospital 
 Timothy Wright, Ph.D., Steven Goldring, M.D., Kathy Wright, Peggy Crow, M.D., physician-in-chief, Mary Goldring, Ph.D., and David T. Felson, M.D., visiting Chief Lecturer from Boston University Clinical & Translational Science Institute 
 Linda Russell, M.D., with her husband, Carl Triscari 
 Ona Lee and Steve K. Lee, M.D. 
 Priscilla Cornell, Anne Altchek, Charles Cornell, M.D., and David Altchek, M.D. 
 Matthew Roberts, M.D.,  Ann Roberts, and Leon Root, M.D. 
 Terri Windsor, left, and Dr. Russell Windsor, right (Larchmont, N.Y.), with Dr. Mathias Bostrom, center (Scarsdale) 
 Karen Su with Edwin Su, M.D., (Scarsdale) 
 John P. Lyden, M.D.[, (Sleepy Hollow)], Jonathan Deland, M.D., Emme Levin Deland, Kendrick R. Wilson, III, HSS trustee, and Susan Rose, HSS trustee 
 Christopher Altche  [(Rye, N.Y.)] with Perry Nagin [(Manhattan)] 
 James Beckman, M.D. and Stephanie Beckman 
 Scott Rodeo, M.D. and Christine Frissora-Rodeo, M.D. 
 Liza Sama with Andrew Sama, M.D.
 Raymond Perez, Jefferey Ng, Deborah Cogut, Craig Cogut, Abdul Zahid, Ricki Rupine, and Joshua Norris 
 Howard Watkins and Joyce DiDonato 
 Denise L Nappier, Todd English, and Tommy Hilfiger 
 Deborah Cogut, Denise L Nappier, Craig Cogut, and David Pollak 
 Harry Belafonte and William Lynch Jr 
 Marian Wright Edelman and Andre Leon Talley 
 Richard Greene Jr and Diane Greene 
 Craig Cogut, Uri Tibon, and Majd Machour 
 Maurice DuBois 
 Maurice DuBois, Marian Wright Edelman, Marcella Maxwell, Richard Greene Jr, Deborah C Wright, and Emma Jordan Simpson 
 Ali Wentworth 
 Craig Cogut and Tommy Hilfiger 
 Noella Cousaris, Abdul Zahid, and John Delucie 
 Teeba Jihad, Alenairam Otero, and Danielle Morerro 
 Selita Ebanks 
 Marian Wright Edelman and Geoffrey Canada 
 Leslie Cornfeld and Joan Hornig 
 Spencer Wertheimer, Khaliah Ali, Noella Cousaris, Deborah Cogut, and Jonny Cogut 
 Chevalier Reverent Stephen Fichter 
 Paul Hunter and Chevalier Reverent Stephen Fichter 
 Barbara Gross and Mary K. McDonnell 
 Tom McDonnell and Frank Hughes 
 Brian Doran, Sally, Dorothy Doran, and JJ Doran 
 Marisa and Jason Bibens 
 Evelyn Berry and Dr. Duncan Carpenter 
 Susan Hockmeyer, Carol Bastek, and Debbie Murphy 
 Deeann Devnie Turek, Donna Soloway, Carla Vigue, Patricia Cossutta, Diana Frankel Judy Gates, and Sydney Reynolds-Raniere 
 Dr. Alfred Kaltman and Bunny Grossinger 
 Donatella Graffino and Grand Councillor Vincent Bonagura 
 Karen Deinzer and Kristen Lorello 
 Dewayne Naylor, Joanne Naylor, Fred Hoff, Patrick Tuohy, and Susan Tuohy 
 Terri Polk and Suzanne Johnson 
 Somers Farkas, Wendy Carduner, Suzanne Johnson, and Muffie Potter Aston 
 Lesley Schulhof and Dennis Basso 
 Suzie Aijala's table 
 Marissa van Bokhorst and Christina Rose 
 Noreen Buckfire, Rebecca Grafstein, Jenny Price, Yaz Hernandez, Suzie Aijala, and Kamie Lightburn 
 Jennifer Oken 
 Jeanne Lawrence, Ursula Lowerre, Elizabeth Stribling, Lily O'Boyle, CeCe Black, and Sondra Gilman
 Yaz Hernandez and Noreen Buckfire 
 Anna Ponder, Lauren Kenny, Stephanie Sarkis, and Cherie Alcoff 
 Marie Marlas's table 
 Tory Burch and Marie Marlas 
 Cornelia Bregman, Ellen Graham, and Mai Harrison 
 Jamee Gregory, Karen LeFrak, and Carmel Malkin 
 West Side Madrigalists
              serenades Michael Kovner's table 
 Anna Bailey, Kari Tiedemann, and Loran Graev 
 Susan Gamble, Ted Gamble, Dede Cholnoky, and Scott Wilson 
 Susan Bender-Scheer and Rex Reed 
 Nikki Haskell and Cynthia Maltese 
 Joan Schnitzer Levy and Jackie Weld Drake 
 Feed Bears 
 Kevin McLaughlin, Sharon Bush, Jay McLaughlin, Misha Nonoo, and Lauren Bush Lauren 
 Allison Mazzola, Milly de Cabrol, and Susan Nagel 
 Anki Leeds and Jamie Figg 
 Christopher Madison and Mario Buatta 
 Janna Bullock and Zoe Bullock Remmel 
 Jay McLaughlin, Joan McLaughlin, Eliza Madison, and Chris McLaughlin 
 Ashley Bush, Sharon Bush, and Lauren Bush Lauren 
 Kevin McLaughlin and Jay McLaughlin 
 Nicky Zilkha, Barbara McLaughlin, Margot Langenberg, and Bettina Zilkha 
 Alice Campbell and Stefanos Kasselakis 
 Andre Kelleners and friends 
 Ben Stapleton, Connie Brown, and Jason Dillow 
 Blair Metrailler, Chris Breck, Edouard Metrailler, and Tatiana Perkin 
 Catherine Saunders, Matthew VanBeisen, Alexandra Porter, and Alexandra Wagle 
 Chappy and Melissa Morris with NYP Timpanist Kyle Zerna 
 Christopher Wight, Jill Yankaskas, and Courtney Benenson 
 Christopher and Merrill Mahan 
 Elyse Kim, Justin Kush, and Andrea Kim 
 Kate Bradbury and Lindsey Harper 
 Kelechi Odu and friend
 
 Kirby Taylor and Henry Bodmer 
 Mark Castellano, Bernard Markey, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Mary Dillow, Jason Dillow, Mike Roth, and Nikou Zeller 
 Matan Eden and Fatima Sanandaji 
 Matthew VanBesien with NYP Musicians Joseph Alessi and Philip Smith 
 Miller Gaffney, Kate Harpootlian, Keith Connor, and Amy Connor 
 Miller Gaffney and Tatiana Perkin 
 Sandy Kozlowski and Dan Entwistle 
 Sarah Jane Gibbons and Stephanie Sirota announce the winners of a raffle drawing 
 Alain Sailhac, Alfred Portale, Ming Tsai, Drew Nieporent, and Daniel Boulud 
 Sharyn Mann, Stephen Mann, and Tamara Mann Tweel 
 John Lehr, Ming Tsai, Heather Bresch, David Koch, Sharyn Mann, and Todd Slotkin 
 Leslie Cornfeld and Bill Etkin 
 David Koch, Lilla Crawford, and Anthony Warlow 
 Abbey  and Steven Braverman 
 Carol Schrager and Bruce Gitlin 
 Reverend Raymond Kahng, Inja Kim Kahng, Roslyn Jaffe, and Elliot Jaffe 
 Stephen McKenna and Amie Rappoport McKenna 
 Dr. Hugh Sampson, Dr. Rosanna Mirante, Dr. Neil Minikes, Nancy Minikes, and Amie Rappoport McKenna 
 Todd Slotkin, Judy Slotkin, and Matthew Slotkin 
Guests sample food in the exhibition’s kitchen
Co chairs Lori and Zachary Pomerantz
Our Global Kitchen co curator Mark Norell and Co chair Gaelin Rosenwaks
Steering Committee members John Rachwalski and Jessica Yau
Richard Gilder Graduate School students Bernardo Santos and Carly Tribull
Gino Tenazas, Jeff Flynn, and Steering Committee member Aaron Hollub
Guests gather in front of the Origami Holiday Tree
 Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney 
 Jay McLaughlin 
 Barbara McLaughlin, Jack Lynch, and Marcia Schaeffer 
 John and Martha Glass 
 Brooke and Avery Egerton-Warburton, and Ava Humphrey 
 Ann Fisher 
 Mikel Witte and Pat Doherty 
 Clifford and Ralph Harvard 
 Reverend Lindvall 
 John and Karen Klopp 
 Maggie Norris 
 The Carey Family 
 2012 Visionaries awards 
 Awardee Karyn Khoury (Estee Lauder) with her husband Stephen Kopach 
 Awardees Maya and Joyce Romanoff surrounded by family and studio colleagues 
 MAD director Holly Hotchner and her guest Franklin Silverstone 
 Laura Kruger, MAD Board chair Lewis Kruger and guest Patricia Specter 
 MAD board chair emerita Barbara Tober with guests Barbara Regna and Laura Romanoff 
 Nicolas Mirzayantz (IFF) and Awardee Karyn Khoury (Estee Lauder) 
 MAD board chair Lewis Kruger with guests Nancye Green and Michael Donovan 
 Awardee Karyn Khoury Estee Lauder) with Pascal Gaurin (IFF) 
 MAD board member Carolee Friedlander, MAD director Holly Hotchner and  auctioneer Jennifer Vorbach 
 Awardee Karyn Khoury (Estee Lauder) with Sarra Dadoul and Mehdi Lisi 
 Awardee Karyn Khoury, MAD board chair emerita Barbara Tober, Leonard Lauder 
 MAD director Holly Hotchner and auctioneer Jennifer Vorbach 
 Ron & Robyn Winnegrand with Karen & Stephen Kopach 
 Auctioneer Jennifer Vorbach and MAD board member Jerry Chazen 
 Ann Kaplan, Barbra Dobkin, and Lori Ordover 
 Nicolas Mirzayantz, Trudi Loren, Pascal Guerin, and Carl Hancy 
 Muffie Potter Aston and Matthew Bauer 
 Matthew Bauer, Muffie Potter Aston, Annette Rickel, and Aniello Musella 
 Annette Rickel and Matthew Bauer 
 Coco Kopelman, Leslie Jones, and Vera Safai 
 Kate Pickett, Annette Rickel, and Kate Allen 
 Robin Joseph, Michele Gerber Klein, and Kamie Lightburn 
 Summer Farkas, Muffie Potter Aston, and Grace Hightower De Niro 
 Victoria Vought, Anna Burke, and Sarah Powers 
 Dr. James Bussel, Denise Ilitch, and Dr. David Lyden 
 Dr. James Bussel, Dr. Charlotte Cunningham-Rundles, Dr. Brian Lamon, Dr. Agnes Lamon, Barri Lieberman, and Les Lieberman 
 Les Lieberman, Barri Lieberman, Dr. Lauren Pecorino, and Dr. David Lyden 
 Lauren Williams, Devon Ericksen, and Nicole Knudson 
 Roberto Enrich, Pat Sorenson, and Will Vega 
 Trish Iervolino, Denis Hurley, Susan Hurley, and Lisa Middleton 
 Scott Haggart, Isabel Kallman, and Kara Bohnenstiel 
 Craig Kallman, Michael Kushner, and Bob Roth 
 John Starks and Larry Johnson 
 Jeff Goldberger, Jarrett Posner, Peter Marsh, Pam Posner, and Erika Marsh 
 Ron Iervolino, John Cook, and Nancy Raquet 
 Barbara  and Mike Kowalski 
 Authors Caroline Rob Zaleski, Annie Falk, Kathleen King, and Tom Wolfe 
 Julie Krupnick, Cee Scott Brown, and Lauren Krupnick 
 Terrie Sultan (Parrish Executive Director) 
 Tom Wolfe 
 James Sved and Anna Wilding 
 Sonia Sakhi 
 Jack Cowell 
 Cricket Burns, Lisa Arnold, Ann and Susan Madonia 
 Julie, Isabelle and Lauren Krupnick 
 Jean and Martin Shafiroff 
 Erin Lynch and Sonika Nanda 
 John Bjornen, Kendell Cronstrom, and Alejandro Saralegui 
 Oliver Longwell, Connie Dunham, and Alicia and Dennis Longwell 
 Henry Kohler with Event Co-chairs Lisa Crawford, and John Bjornen 
 Melanie Wambold and Debbie Bancroft 
 Sheila O'Malley Fuchs 
 Leif Bringsli Marks, Gregory Speck, and Gary Lawrance 
 Quest magazine's 25th Anniversary soiree at Doubles.
Lisa Pfeifer, 
            Chris Meigher, Chuck Pfeifer, Mayor Bloomberg, Diana Taylor, and Grace Meigher
 Stan Ponte, Randall Gianopulos, and Mario Buatta 
 Jack Lynch and Nina Reeves 
 Patricia Burnham and Bill Brock 
 Christopher Mason 
 Dennis O'Connor, James Logatto, and Barbara Kataisto 
 Kathy Rayner, Michel Witmer, and Sabrina Forsythe 
 Marilyn White and Sharon Hoge 
 Michelle Lemunya, Robert Hughes, RImma Doubinskara, and Jackie Weisman 
 Michel Witmer, Sharon Bush, and Sylvester Miniter 
 Ken Derry, Chuck Pfeifer, Lisa Pfeifer, and John Mosley 
 Ken Derry, Chuck Pfeifer, Lisa Pfeifer, and John Mosley 
 Kristina Matson and DPC 
 Jose Pincay, Kate Edmonds Donner, and CeCe Black 
 Ale Meskita, Jim Mitchell, Matt Marco, Gloria Disnam, and Ada Zawbetti 
 Barbara Tober and DPC 
 Janna Bullock and Kate Edmonds Donner 
 CeCe Cord, R. Couri Hay, and Iris Love 
 Wendy Carduner and CeCe Black 
 Wendy Lehman Vanderbilt and Roy Kean 
 JH
            schooling DPC
 Michel Witmer, Dr Annette Rickell, and Lee Black 
 Edmundo Huerta, Grace Meigher, and Eric Javits.
 Si Anthony, Grace Meigher, and Tony
            Manning
 Grace Meigher and Amanda Meigher 
 Brian Stewart and Stephanie Krieger 
 Peter Lyden, Cornelia Guest and Michael Schoen
 John Demsey and Alison Mazzola 
 Dori Cooperman, John Mosley, and Lisa Pfeifer 
 CeCe Black and Nina Griscom 
Denise Deluca, Daniel Morales and Kate Hemphill
Leslie Stevens
 Jeanne Lawrence, Mai Harrison, and Stephanie Stokes 
 The Women's Media Center 2012 Women's Media Awards at Guastavino's.
 Lori Sokol of Work Life Matters magazine hits the red carpet at the VIP reception 
 Lauren Embrey, Robin Morgan, Donna Deitch, and Gloria Steinem 
 Robin Morgan, Martha Nelson and Gloria Steinem 
 Laura Ling and Lisa Ling 
 Anne Hathaway addresses the guests
 Ben Vereen, Luvvie Ajayi, and Sarah Hoye 
 Cheryl Wills and Carol Jenkins 
 Jodie Evans, Pat Mitchell, and Laura Ling 
 Pat Mitchell and Eve Ensler 
Anne Hathaway and Gloria Steinem
 Robin Morgan and Lesley Gore 
 Sally Kohn and Christine Lahti 
 Lauren Embrey and Lindsay Harwell 
 AFIPO President David A. Hirsch 
 Chisa Osano and Dasha Epstein, Zubin Mehta, Yuja Wang, and Adrienne Arsht 
 Zubin Mehta
              and Judith Taubman
 Richard and Renee Steinberg 
 Burton and Judith Resnick with former AFIPO President Elaine Wolfensohn 
 AFIPO Board Member Lillian Vernon and David Hochberg 
 Ruth Brause, Susan Rose, and Louis Brause
 Harvey and Arlene Blau
 James D. Wolfensohn, Patricia Cisneros, and Naomi Wolfesnoshn 
 Sherry and Ken Endelson 
 Rochelle Hirsch and AFIPO President David A. Hirch with Danielle Hirsch
 Rochelle Ludwig, Jennifer Harris, Nancy Badner, and AFIPO Board Member Pamela Henes 
 Andrea Herberstein, Thomas Hampson, Concert Underwriter Adrienne Arsht, Event Co-Chairs Lauren, and John Veronis 
 Lauren and John Veronis 
 Honorees Tracey Gray-Walker , Claudia Poccia, Asha Wills, Stephanie Breslow, Linda Gadsby, and Carol Sawdye 
 Honoree Asha Wills and her troop leader, Marise Bordenave 
 Trey Walker (son of Tracey Gray-Walker), honoree Tracey Gray-Walker, Barbara Murphy-Warrington (CEO, Girl Scouts of Greater New York) 
 Honoree Linda Gadsby, host Jodi Applegate, with Girl Scouts 
 Honoree Carol Sawdye 
 Nina McLemore, Patricia Stensrud, and Davia Temin 
 Carmen Dubroc and honoree Claudia Poccia 
 Rose Littlejohn (President of the Board of Girl Scouts of Greater New York) and husband Robert Littlejohn 
 Christine and Jacqueline Battaglia 
 Uniting Against Lung Cancer Medical Committee receives honors
 Karin Luter and Michele Kessler 
 Bob and Mary Simses 
 Karin Luter, Bridget Koch and Kristi Clark 
 Jane Grace and John Mashek 
 Karin Luter, Raymond Floyd, and Michele Kessler 
 Nicki Harris and Dorothy Kohl 
 Marjorie Fisher and Lesly Smith 
 Stockard Channing and Danielle Moore 
 Tom Quick and Howard Kessler 
 Pauline Pitt and Kate Gubelmann 
 Audrey Gruss and Scott Snyder 
 Brian Williams, Roxanne Donovan, and Bill Ritter
 Joseph Moinian and Leonard Boxer
 UALC Board Member Dr. David Hidalgo, Alan Friedman, CBRE, and Bruce and Avis Richards
 Aine Brazil and John Whelan
 Chris Taylor, Deb Shriver, Tulsi Gabbard, Cathie Black, and Sarah Kennedy at "The Cosmo 100."
 Sarah Jessica Parker and Brooke Garber Neidich 
 Jonelle Procope and Diane von Furstenberg 
 Diane von Furstenberg, Meryl Poster, Joanna Coles, and Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Donna Kalajian Lagani and Jami Floyd 
 Laura Mercier and Joanna Coles 
 Sheila Lyall Grant and Barbara Taylor Bradford 
 Alexandra Wilkis Wilson 
 Karen Deutsch, Elizabeth Peyton, Leah Wyar, and Sue Katzen 
 Kim and Michael McCarty 
 Dr. Ellen Marmur and Carol Alt 
 Steve Millington, Deb Shriver, and Michael McCarty 
 Ellen Levine and Deborah Roberts 
 Diane von Furstenberg and Ali Wentworth 
 Grace Meng and Thelma Golden 
 Ashley Baker and Rose McGowan 
 Naomi Wolf, Val Demings, and Joanna Coles 
 Petra Nemcova and Katie Lee 
 Carol Alt 
 Pat Cleveland 
 Carlyne Cerf De Dudzeele 
 Jackie Sackler 
 Carlyne Cerf De Dudzeele, Tomas Maier, and Amanda Ross 
 Garance Dore 
 Carlyne Cerf De Dudzeele and Tomas Maier 
Cocktails at The Four 
Seasons Restaurant for the Associates Committee 
of The Society 
of Memorial 
Sloan-Kettering 
Cancer 
Center's annual 
Fall 
Party.
Dinner in the Pool Room
 Emilia Fanjul Pfeifler, Joanna Baker de Neufville, Honorary Chairman, Maria Giulia Maramotti, President of The Society, Dr. Annette U. Rickel, Hayley Bloomingdale, Cynthia Smith, and Shoshanna Gruss 
 Joanna Baker de Neufville, Cynthia Smith, Hayley Bloomingdale, Shoshanna Gruss, Emilia Fanjul Pfeifler, and Maria Giulia Maramotti 
 Jamie Niven 
 Ambra Medda 
 Ferebee Taube 
 Marielle and Edmond Safra 
 Dr. Annette U. Rickel 
 Amy Fine Collins 
 Charlotte Ronson 
 Coralie Paul 
 Brian and Emilia Pfeifler and guests 
 Kate Allen and Dara O'Hara 
 Lisa Errico 
 Elizabeth Pyne, Sloan Overstrom, and Amanda Meigher 
 Dani Stahl and Fabiola Beracasa 
 Brian Boy and guests 
 Lauren Remington Platt and guests 
 Roberto Mangoni and Maria Giulia Maramotti 
 Ambra Medda and Brian Boy 
 Atmosphere 
 The Friends of Mount Sinai 
 Tyler Friedman and Talya Friedman 
 Jonathan Crystal, Andrew Right, and David Brenner 
 Zibby Right and Darcie Crystal 
 Zibby Right, Andrew Right, Elizabeth Right, and Jonathan Right 
 Leah Kachelmacher, Brandon Cook, Liza Satlin, and Tracy Dana 
 Nancy Park and Carrie Quinn 
 Eliana Lewis-Gruss, Erica Siena, and Molly Rothstein 
 Drew Anderman, Julie Smigel, Kim Heyman, and Larry Heyman 
 Danielle Anderman, Benjamin Fischbach, and Jenny Fischbach 
 Warren Haynes and Peter Frampton 
 The Warren Haynes Band 
 Gregg Allman 
 Samuel Waxman and Marion Waxman 
 Marion Waxman, Michael Nierenberg, Carmen Marc Valvo, Samuel Waxman, Robin Lathrop, and Elin Nierenberg 
 Carmen Marc Valvo 
 Samuel Waxman, Bettina Waxman, Spencer Waxman, Alec Waxman, and Marion Waxman 
 Peter Tunney 
 Dale Claman and Peter Claman 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Mary Lauren Kantor, Mary Kantor, Samuel Waxman, Adrienne Kantor, and Robert Kantor 
 Gary Jacob and Jane Berlant 
 Suzanne Johnson 
 Constance Krueger, Liz Krueger, and Harvey Krueger 
 Tom Murro 
 Gary Slutsky, Roberta Slutsky, Leslie Schwartz, Fran Nierenberg, and Jerry Slutsky 
 Jay Wardlaw, Neil Weidner, Jim Carroll, and John Ward 
Pumpkins carved in the likeness of Dennis and Randi Riese, honorees at Citymeals-on-Wheels 26th Annual “Power Lunch for Women.
 Paula Zahn, one of the honorees of this year’s Power Lunch, has been involved with Citymeals-on-Wheels for over 20 years.  To the assembled crowd, she told the moving story of a homebound senior she visited – a 95-year-old former nurse who is afflicted with glaucoma and hearing loss, who has outlived her friends and family, and whose only human contact is through the meal-delivery service.  The former news anchor also pointed out that Citymeals’ beneficiaries often live only a block or two from our own comfortable apartments. 
Pumpkin carved in the likeness of Paula Zahn.
 Gael Greene, restaurant critic and author, co-founded Citymeals-on-Wheels in 1981with James Beard after she read an article in The New York Times about homebound elderly in New York who had nothing to eat on holidays and weekends.  The writer of that article, Dorothy Gaiter, also received special recognition at this year’s Power Lunch.  To date, Citymeals has delivered 46 million free meals to shut-in seniors. 
 Gael Greene in 1961 promoting her first book, Don’t Come Back Without It.  The writer worked at New York magazine for 40 years, first as its “Insatiable Critic” and then as a columnist.  She went to great lengths to hide her identity from restaurant owners, including wearing a hat to cover her eyes in public appearances and photographs. 
One of Citymeals-on-Wheels beneficiaries.
 Beth Shapiro, Executive Director of Citymeals-on-Wheels and Anne E. Cohen, Co-President 
   Chef and restaurateur, Ed Brown.  The bidding for his live-auction item of a personally-prepared 7-course dinner for 8 in the winner’s own home started at $10,000 and, in the enthusiastic bidding, quickly escalated to two $20,000-dinners for 10 with a private performance by the legendary singer and songwriter Roberta Flack, one of the luncheon’s guests. 
 Gael Greene and actress, Dorothy Kretchmer.  Dorothy has attended every single Power Lunch – all 26 of them.  The first one was held in her husband, Jerome’s restaurant, the Gotham Bar and Grill. 
The packed house at the Plaza for Citymeals-on-Wheels 26th Annual “Power Lunch for Women."
 A special performance was given by award-winning actress and singer Audra McDonald, who sang a beautiful rendition of “Make Someone Happy.” 
Lara Spencer and Sandra Lee
Cindy Barshop
Dennis Riese and his son Tyler
Anne E. Cohen and Lara Spencer
Craig Pfeiffer, one of the $10,000 men and Reva Wurtzburger
Diana Taylor and Elizabeth Halliday
Paula Zahn, Bette Midler, and Donna Hanover
 Esther Fuchs, Wendy Dietze, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
Former police commissioner, Bill Bratton, one of the $10,000 men and his wife, Rikki Klieman
Gael Greene, Paula Zahn, and Ann Froman
Michael Lynne, one of the $10,000 men
Harriette Rose Katz
Jan and Ann Sussman
John Zaccaro, one of the $10,000 men and his daughter, Donna Zaccaro
Maribel Lieberman
Michele Oka Doner
Mark Stempel, Abby Spielman, and Charlotte and Gary Trimarchi
Lillian Vernon and Vicky L. McLoughlin
Pamela Morgan, Francine Farkas, and Gerogette Farkas
Tren'ness Woods-Black and Roberta Flack
Sue Chalom
Restaurateur, Ed Brown, one of the $10,000 men
Valerie Roussel and Betsy Bernardaud
Tricia Napor and Ann Froman
Audra Boltion and Regina Brooks
Scooter,  ASPCA Cat of the Year. Scooter now visits a nursing home and rehabilitation hospital every week and serves as a constant inspiration to the elderly and to patients who lack mobility due to injuries and strokes. During one of Scooter’s first hospital visits, a stroke victim who doctors said would never open her eyes or speak watched as the cat snuggled up close to her. It was then that Scooter had worked his first miracle: the patient opened her eyes and began chatting away like they were old friends.
 John Reilly, John Zerafa, Elizabeth Brandler, Fiona, Declan Gregg, Scooter, Jill Rappaport, and Laura Ingalls 
 Allison Bandier Koffman and Patty Crawford 
 Dave Granville, Jeff Pfeifle, Sally Spooner, and Alex Jakowec 
 Alexandra Hack and Amanda Espy 
 Andrea Fahnestock, Frances Scaife, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Georgina Bloomberg and John Talley 
 Karen Klopp and Sara Ayers 
 Liz McCreery and Greta Shugrue 
 Marina Killery and David Orentreich 
 Margo MacNabb Nederlander, Linda Lambert, and Mia McDonald 
 Felicia Taylor and Elaine Langone 
 Kelli O'Hara 
 Victoria Clark 
 Rob McClure 
 Joel Grey 
 Sarah Uriarte Berry, Rebecca Luker, and Debbie Gravitte 
 Jared Grimes, Megan Sikora, and Daniel J. Watts 
 Gala Curtain Call - Debbie Gravitte, Rebecca Luker, Joel Grey, Kelli O'Hara, Raul Esparza, Victoria Clark, and Walter Bobbie 
 Chicago Centerpiece 
 Fiorello Centerpiece 
 Arlene Shuler, Raymond Lamontagne, with Stephanie  and Fred Shuman 
 Svetlana and Herbert Wachtell 
 Stephanie Shuman, Fred Shuman, and Cathie Black 
 Walter Bobbie, Judy Kaye, and Ted Chapin 
 Rob Fisher, Ted Chapin, Jack Viertel, Judith Dakin, and Walter Bobbie 
 Rob Fisher, Rob Berman, Ted Chapin, and Jack Viertel 
 Victoria Clark, Linda Viertel, Jack Viertel, and Marc Bruni 
 Brian Stokes Mitchell, Adrienne Arsht, Raul Esparza, Michele Esparza, Derrick Baskin, Allyson Tucker, and Daniel J. Watts 
Jenny Dyer, Chelsea Clinton, and Marc Mezvinsky
 Lauren Santo Domingo 
 Max Osterweis and Erin Beatty 
 Emma Stone, Diane von Furstenberg, Anna Wintour, and Christopher Bailey 
 Carolyn Murphy and Liya Kebede 
 Ashley Greene and Emma Stone 
 Alexi Ashe and Seth Meyers 
 Lazaro Hernandez, Liya Kebede, Liv Tyler, and Jack McCollough 
 Eden Zohar, Jorden Bickham, and Maya Sasaki 
 Stephanie Winston Wolkoff 
 Antonio Azzuolo, Billy Reid, and Carlos Campos 
 Sylvana Ward Durrett 
 Beau Sam, Tammy Lee, Mark Guigucci, and Camilla Chateau 
 Virginia Smith and Patrick Robinson 
 Olivier Theyskens and Jamie Bochert 
 Alexi Ashe and Seth Meyers 
 Allison Williams and Peter Som 
 Gwendoline Christie 
Anne Dopffer, Kalita Doolin, Alan Governar, and Sonja Tremont Morgan
Baronne Bernard d'Anglejan-Chatillon, Mary Jane Pool, Eugénie Angles, Marquette de Bary, and Nancy Gehman
Carla Darlington Jr., Andrew Kotchoubey, and Irene Goodkind
Eugénie Angles, Mary Jane Pool, and Francine du Plessix Gray
Irene Goodkind and Jean Astrop
Jerry Gehman, Nancy Gehman, Elizabeth Scott, and Stanley Scott
Michele Mattei, Margaret MacKenzie, and friend
Beverley Zabriskie and Nathalie Angles
Barbara Maddock, Sandra Jones, Carole Mahoney, Jay Paul, Dick Maddock, and Brian Mahoney
Bertrand Lortholary, Consul General of France
Lynne McMillan, Hunt Slonem, and Caroline Ferguson
Hal Witt and Olivia Flatto
Robert D Wickham, Sarah Page, Chips Page, and Kate Wickham
Sonja Tremont Morgan
Pilar Molyneux, Kathleen Springhorn, Juan Pablo Molyneux, and Jay Paul
Brenda Straus and Jean Astrop
Rose Hartman and her incomparable women
Susan Gluck and Dr. Laura Torrado
Cassandra Seidenfeld
CeCe Cord and Robin Cofer
Carmen Dell'Orefice
Janna Bullock, Katherine Todd, and Jamie Danzinger
Kathleen Giordano and Dr. Penny Grant
 The new Parrish ...
One of  seven enclosed galleries.
 Malcolm Morley 
 Terrie Sulton, Eric Fischl, Christoher French, and April Gornik 
 Michelle Isabelle-Sterk, Terrie Sultan, and Christopher French 
 Lys Marigold, Skye Marigold, Jörn Weisbrodt, Dianne B,  Rufus Wainwright, and Clo'e Floira 
 Jack Cristy and Ruth Appelhof 
 Ross Bleckner, Alicia Longwell, and Eric Fischl 
 Jack Youngerman 
 April Gornik 
 Barbara Dayton, Peter Dayton, and Sydney Albertini 
 Thomas Schultz, Michele O'Keefe, Daniel O'Keefe, and Mary Schultz 
 Tulla Booth and Ed Segal 
 Joanne Pateman, Grisel Baltazar, Roz Block, and Sarah Jaffe Turnbull 
 Philip Isles and Bridget Marks 
 Alice Aycock, Klaus Kertess, Billy Sullivan, and Susan Penzner 
 Bruce Lewin and Kristina Lewin 
 Denise Gale, Mark Segal, and Christa Maiwald 
The Big Cat lounge
 Centrepieces of barnacles, wild coral roses, beach grass and exotic shells
 David Haworth and Janine Brown 
 Barbara  and Peter Regna 
 Rod O'Connell, Vicki Downey, James Robertson, Maureen Robertson, Jim Karoli, Rachel Leonard, and Kate Edmonds Donner 
 Robin Reardon Nelson, Norman Nelson, and Alexes Reardon 
 David Haworth, Kate O'Brien, Dr. Wayne Jensen, and Amy Buchheit 
 Anthony Manfredonia and Herta Kriegner 
 Janna Bullock with Helen and Larry Remmel 
 Ashleigh Simpson and Damien Debruijn 
 Lucy Puig, Jose Pincay-Delgado, and Dana Humphrey with Tito 
 Larry Kaiser, Jean Shafiroff, and Martin Shafiroff 
 Grayson Handy and Kate Edmonds Donner 
 Sophie Haddad and friends
 Kate Edmonds Donner, Alex Donner, and Charity Poth 
 Doug Ousley and Dawn Fern 
 Ebbie Ashabi and Debbie Mahoney 
 Alison Minton 
 Carolyn Roehm and Nathan Turner 
 Christina Juarez, Cece Cord, and Robert Turner 
 Eric Hughes, Nathan Turner, and Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Sebastian Varney and Katie Kreider 
 Marci Klein, Holly Parmelee, and Simon Pinniger 
 Christopher Mason and Pamela Taylor 
 Mary McDonald and Ruggiero Messina 
 Todd Henderson and Sarah Morgan 
 Jacques Grange and James P. Druckman 
 Jeffrey Rosen, Marjorie Rosen, and Jacques Grange 
 Josie Natori and Harriet Weintraub 
 Elizabeth Pyne and Patricia Sovern 
 Miguel Flores-Vianna and Julia Noran 
 Jean Shafiroff, Peter Price, and Judy Price 
 Wilbur  and Hilary Ross 
 Arthur Wayne and Nazira Handal 
 Kate Kelly Smith and Jonathan Rosen 
 Christian Deybier, Wendy Moonan, and Alexander Jakowec 
 Andrew Rosen, Diane von Furstenberg, and Jim Gold 
 Rose Marie Bravo and Kathy Nedorostek 
 Andrew Rosen, Diane von Furstenberg, and Jim Gold 
 Andrew Rosen, Diane von Furstenberg, and Jim Gold 
 Tory Burch, Francisco Costa, and Bill Cunningham 
 Howard Meitiner 
 Michael Feinberg and Mitch Kreiger 
 Burt Tansky and Howard Meitiner 
 Rosanne Morrison and Margaret Williamson 
 Jenny Dyer 
 Keith Scott, Ira Mothner, and Sharon Scott 
 Adora Chew, Gina Yun, and Christina Baynes Reid 
 Jason Wright and Sarah Simms Rosenthal 
 Gail Pasano and Jaqui Lividini 
 Emily Rubenfeld, Lisa Rossi, and Caroline Brown 
 Ali Wentworth with Tiffanys auction winner 
 Burt Tansky 
 Waris Ahluwaria and Coco Rocha 
 Kayce Freed Jennings, Patrick McMullan, and Coco Rocha 
 Patrick McMullan and Mary Brosnahan 
 Hannah Bronfman, Waris Ahluwaria, and Bettina Prentice 
 Kristian Laliberte and Annie Georgia Greenberg 
 Doreen Remen 
 Victor John Villanueva and Edward Sunderland 
 Kasia McCormick and Angelika Ronson 
 Anita Antonini and Marie Havens 
 Sean Avolio and Suzy Malick 
 Natalie Kates 
 Tom Cashin, Deborah Kass, Vincent Fremont, and Jean Butler 
 Vicki Shapiro and Teresa Maffucci 
 Dave Giffen, Roz Morris, and John Gauld 
 Lawrence Herbert, Michele Herbert, and Loren Herbert 
 Sue Samuel, Elka Samuels Smith, Jason Samuels Smith, and Jojo Smith 
 Janice Becker and Caitlin Carter 
 Barbara-Taylor Bradford and Robert Bradford 
 Matthew Appelstein, Judy Appelstein, Jamie Appelstein, Jerry Appelstein, and Melissa Appelstein 
 Peter Shaw, Stephanie Levinsky, and Angela Lansburry 
 Angela Lansburry and Ben Vereen 
 Janice Becker, Anka Palitz, Cynthia Fisher,  Stuart Wicht, and friends 
 Charles Askegard 
 Michele Herbert, Patricia Shiah, Lucia Hwong Gordon, and Bonnie Pfeiffer 
Michele's birthday cake
 Lynne Goldberg and Jerry Appelstein 
 Robert Ryan and Rachel Moore 
 Eric Dunlap and Leslie Arlette Boyce 
 Alfred Fiandaca, Lisa Huertas, and Craig Dix 
 Sandy and Greg Kriser 
 Bobby Sanabria and Orchestra 
 Afro Cuban Jazz Orchestra In Concert 
 Lloyd Williams and Justin Dicioccio 
Congressman Charles Rangel, Ray Chew, and Assemblyman Keith Wright
 Diane Isaac and Tracy Hyter-Suffern 
 Victoria Sirota, Ed Lowentahal, Ilene Lowenthal, Vivian Scott Chew, Ray Chew, and Justin Dicioccio 
 Reverend Jacques Degraff and Bob Tate 
 Dave Whitmore, Dr Kathy Pajak, Christian Sands, Michelle Castro, and Loren Douglass 
 Voza Rivers and Justin Dicioccio 
 Robert Sirota, Peter Robbins, Elsa Jean Davidson, and Winston Majatte 
 Lloyd Williams and Ade Williams 
 Ray Chew, Justin Dicioccio, Lloyd Williams, Peter Robbins, and Loren Douglass 
 Peter Robbins and Jodi Robbins 
 Lorey Hayes, Robert Sirota, and Victoria Sirota 
 Vivian Scott Chew and Ray Chew 
 Sharon Mackey, Assemblyman Keith Wright, and Karen Witherspoon 
 Ade Williams and Valerie Williams 
 Kats Abe, Voza Rivers, and Tsutomu Karino 
 Tsutomu Karino and Joyce Adewumi 
 Trudy Francis and Stephanie Francis 
 Kelly Sawatsky, Jeremy Fletcher, and Shelley Dicioccio 
 Stephanie Francis, Joyce Adewumi, Richard Franklin, and Janette Housman 
 Patricia Ricketts 
 Loren Schoenberg, Walter Edwards, and Darwin Davis 
 Matt Savage 
 Talina Toscano 
 James Hobley 
 Karen Oberlin with Genius of Autism Honorees 
Artwork by Trent Altman
 Gerard McKeon, Dr Cece McCarton, Raquel Suarez, and Myron Johnson 
 Lou Toscano, Stephen Wiltshire, and Rosa Martinez 
 Kris Sebastin and Dr Rich Besser 
 Lou Toscano, Talina Toscano and Toscano Family 
 Andrew urbanski, Barbara Orzakiewicz, and Chris Dezinno 
 Chuck Friedlander and Bruce Burrows 
 Marc Wong and David Sobacinski 
 Steve Earle, Honoree James Hobley, and Caroline Hamilton 
 Honoree Amanda Lamunyon and Sherry Lamunyon 
 Jin Sun and Hsiuhua Chiang 
 Tate Wingate and Tracy Perlongo 
 Jana Trantow and Neil Sarkar 
 Keri Bowers, Elyse Kroll, Dario Toledo, Sara Daum, and Ivy Feldman 
Emily Hughes, Sarah Hughes, and Rebecca Hughes
Debbie Gordon, Richard Dwyer, and Dorothy Hamill
Dorothy Hamill and Charles Pavarini III
John  and Sinead Kerr
John Kerr and Nadine Ahmed
Nicole Miller and Michel Mercure
 Michael Dowling, Will Hiltz, Elie Wiesel, and Ellen Crown 
 The crowd pre-Cyndi Lauper 
 Cyndi Lauper 
 Post-Cyndi Lauper 
 Michael Dowling, Richard Goldstein, Dr. Ruth Westheimer, Elie Wiesel, Cyndi Lauper, and Bob Woodruff 
 Bob Downey, Lorna Savage, Adine von Burchard, and Roy Zuckerberg 
 Nancy Skoglund, Kathleen Dowling, and Peter Skoglund 
 Victoria Goldman, Lloyd Goldman, Ellen Crown, and Dan Crown 
 Elie Wiesel and Marion Wiesel 
 Shyama Matthews, Michael Strongin, Evan Bornstein, John Sujit, and Dr. Drorit Or 
 Kathleen Dowling and Laurie Costantino 
 Dr. Nancy Lipsitz, Dr. Rafael Ortiz, Dr. Emille Agrait, and Dr. David Langer 
 Chinny Trivedi 
 Dennis Dowling, Lynn Dowling, Dr. Ira Nash, and Dr. Beth Nash 
 Ed Roos and Maryann Roos 
 Joe Daniels, Lauren Weisberg, Victoria Dunham, and John Regan 
 Sulavha Patel and Dr. Nirav Patel 
 Matthew Claster, Cindy Doninger, and Bari Claster 
 Dr. David Seinfeld and Smadar Seinfeld 
 Dr. Imran Ashraf, Dr. Jennifer Montes, Dr. Brian Walters, and Dr. Naiem Nassiri 
 Alison Newman and Elle Winter 
 Michele Ateyeh and Dan Scheffey 
 Abigail Yap, Jenny Suh, Aaron Ness, and Serena Ness 
 Teresa O and Svetlana Acquista 
 Prushar Dungrani and Ruchi Dungrani 
 Kay McEnroe and Bob Downey 
 Dr. Neha Rathod and Dr. Barthid Rathod 
 Andrew Harms, Meg Panzer, Ryan Osterman, Kim Mason, John Lyddane, and Jessica Bresnan 
 Dr. Shyama Matthews, Ron Barrett, and Dr. Surekha Maddula 
 Dr. Stephen Warren, Dr. Constance Chen, Dr. Lauren Cassell, Jacques Blinbaum, and Dr. Len Horovitz 
 Charles Bergman, Barbara McLaughlin, and Parks Commissioner Veronica M. White 
 Bonnie O'Hara, Bob O'Hara 
 Jonathan Kuhn, Pamela Schwegel, and AJ Schwegel 
 Carter Beal and Amy Beal 
 Maria Fishel, Kenneth Fishel, and Christina Rose 
 Patricia Burnham, Bill Brock, and Pamela Harris 
 Joan Boening and Michael Ambler 
 Mikel Whitte and Bettina Nelsen 
 Barbara Saltzman, Bill Moran, and Lois Wagner 
 Richard Oldenburg 
 Sherry White, Jim White, and JoAnn Blair 
 John and Martha Glass 
 Mel Oldenburg and Ronald Spencer 
 Konrad Keesee, Barbara Broeder, and Jerome Jacalone 
 Barbara McLaughlin and Jim Herbert 
 Slawomir Moch, Kathleen Lamborn, Michael Scully, and Marie Norton 
 Gala Co-Chairs Martha Fling and Alice Netter 
 Board Member Gregory Rogers recieving the Ackerman Corporate Partner Award presented by John O'Neill 
 Gala Co-Chair Martha Fling presenting the Ackerman Distinguished Service Award to Baron Davis 
 Ally Coulter and Leonard Lauren 
 Kathleen O'Neill, Board Chair John O'Neill, and Ackerman Institute President Lois Braverman 
 Board Member Diana Benzaquen 
 Board Member Linda Dishy and Bernard Dishy 
 Chris Gillespie, Lois Braverman, and Martha Fling 
 Founder and President Emeritus of The White House Project Marie Wilson and  Lois Braverman 
 Gala Co-Chair Martha Fling, Board Chair John O'Neill and Ackerman Institute President Lois Braverman 
 Javier Gomez and Camilla Barungi 
 Joseph C. Williams and Board Member Jeannie Ackerman Curhan 
 Gregory Rogers, Dana Rogers and Ben Rogers 
 Cheryl Wills 
 Rosie Heffernan, Charlene Harock, and Ada De Maurier 
 Paola Bacchini-Rosenshein and Arnie Rosenshein 
 R. Couri Hay, Janna Bullock, Towson Remmel, and Zoe Bullock-Remmel 
 James Coleman and Cynthia Ott 
 Will Gridley and McCall Gaeng 
 Paige Corbin, Renee Adrienne Smith, and Alexandra Segalas 
 Alexandra Porter and Beverly Landstreet V 
 Tom and Lisa Wilkinson 
 Dovile Drizyte and Eric Mourlot 
 Suzanne Murphy and Cynthia Ott 
 Kelly Ripa, Hello Kitty, Captain America, and Mark Consuelos 
 Dr. Gerald Laughlin and family
 Dr. Barbara Landreth and Kelly Ripa
 Isabel  and Anya Shiva 
 Heather  and Chloe McAuliffe 
 Alva Carlston, Lydia Carlston, and Ada Carlston 
 Jackie Gold, Jordyn Flynn, and Claire Filler 
 Max Schwartzreich, Leigh Schwartzreich, and Dylan Schwartzreich 
 Graham W. J. Beal 
 Gala Co-Chairs Scott  Dahnke and Capera Ryan 
 AFA Director Pauline Willis 
 Sarah Sze and Klaus Biesenbach 
 Donald Moffett, Sarah Sze, Siddhartha Mukherjee, and Robert Gober 
 David Gordon, Jason Herrick, and Graham W. J. Beal 
 Michael and Elizabeth Chu 
 Scott A. Dahnke, Jason N.R. Herrick, and Loretta Dahnke 
 Lisa Yuskavage, Norman Kleeblatt, Yvonne Force Villareal, and Charlotte Eyerman 
 Haim Steinbach and Gwen Smith 
 Ann and Jonathan Binstock 
 Bill Griswold, Stephanie La Nasa, and Christopher Malstead 
 Margot and Robert Linton
 Cindi Leive, Jim Gold, and Alina Cho 
 Fern Mallis 
 Craig Kielburger, Eva Halner, Liz Aldous, and Jessica Brigantino 
 Geraldo Rivera and Erica Rivera 
 Maria Alfonsin and Matthew Settle 
 Stephanie March, Kyle Weiss, Alina Cho, Dallas Jessup, and Matthew Settle 
 Kim Cho and Alina Cho 
 Christine  and Doug Harmon 
 Jonathan Alter and Elie Rubinstein 
 Cynthia Nixon, Mark Bilski, Mimi Lieber, and Amanda Bilski 
 Patricia Lenkov and Cynthia Nixon 
 Mimi Lieber and Gia Machlin 
 Zach Lonstein, E. Robert Goodkind, and Elie Rubinstein 
 Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss and Cynthia Nixon 
 Steve Reiner, Leonard Petlakh, and E. Robert Goodkind 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Aslihan Sabanci, and Roric Tobin 
 Barbara Tober and Donald Tober 
 Carol Wilkinson 
 Sandra Long; Atmosphere 
 Sara Gore and Stephen Fanuka 
 Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Eleanora Kennedy and Lee W. Robinson 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Jean Shafiroff, Martin Shafiroff, Yaz Hernandez, and Valentin Hernandez 
 Dawne Marie Grannum and Dr. Penny Grant 
 Susan Cullman and Connie Chung 
 Merilee Bostock and Kate Bostock-Shefferman 
 Lisa Holton, Kathryn Weill, Diana Taylor, and Aiyoung Choi 
Walk in the Park participants
Hannah Parker and Terri Coppersmith of The Central Park Conservancy

Madison Avenue BID President Matthew Bauer
            with Fogal girls

Amy Freeze
Walk in the Park participants with Amy Freeze of ABC News
/Willie Geist and Martha Stewart
Pilar Guzman, Editor in Chief of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia gives opening remarks at Martha Stewart's American Made 
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Mayor of New York City, speaks about the importance of small businesses
 Martha Stewart with Award Winners 
Martha Stewart and Calvin Klein
 Jed Walentas, Andrew Tarlow, Peter Lawrence (Wythe Hotel – American Made honoree)          
 Alexandra Lebenthal          
 Jeffrey Bilhuber, Martha Stewart, and Sirio Maccioni          
 Marjorie Gubelmann and Darcy Miller          
 Muffin Dowdle, Thomas Joseph, and Sarah Carey          
 C. Devone          
 James Rosenquist, Lin Arison, Harry Hersh, Sarah Arison, Paul Lehr, and Mimi Thompson 
 Lisa Reinhart, Brian Stokes Mitchell, and Mikhail Baryshnikov 
 Paul Allen and Herbie Hancock 
 Jim Orphanides, Trudy Borenstein-Sugiura, Nora Orphanides, and Graham Lustig 
 Travis and Nicholas Acquavella 
 Richard Lovejoy and friends
 Mort Gleddrman, Robert Lynch, Rona Sebastian, Steven Spiess, Ken Ferguson, and Nora Halpern 
 Robert Lynch, Maria Bell, and Josh Groban 
 Harriet  and Frank Stella 
 John Silberman, Jeffrey Deitch, Larry Gagosian, and Martin Margulies 
 Deborah Rocker, Lee Rocker, and Yvonne Force Villareal 
 YoungArts
 Claire Vinson, Philip Williams, Gene Williams, Jackie Williams, Francesca del Balzo, Harry Williams, Eugene Williams, and Lauren McGrath at The Boys' Club of New York's 64th Fall Dance.
 Christopher Ohrstrom, The Duchess of Devonshire, The Duke of Devonshire, and Bonnie Burnham 
 Bonnie Burnham and Kenneth Chenault 
 The Duchess of Devonshire, Caroline Kennedy, and Edwin Schlossberg 
 Christopher Ohrstrom, The Duke of Devonshire 
 Dr. Henry Kissinger and Sydney Houghton Weinberg 
 The Duke of Devonshire, The Duchess of Devonshire 
 David Diamond, David Parker, Steve Rosen, Karen Zukowski, John E. Stern, and Sarah E. Lawrence 
 Giosetta Capriati and Peter Kimmelman 
 Cheryl Rosario, Steve Lemson, Joanie Stronger, and Chris Ohrstrom 
 Benjamin Doller, Jay Cantor, Judy Price, and Peter Price 
 Marina Kellen-French and Stella Sichel 
 Yolanda Santis, Maria Eugenia Haseltine, and Fernanda Kellogg 
 Elbrun Kimmelman, Peter Kimmelman, and Giosetta Capriati 
 Cynthia Hazen Polsky and Leon Polsky 
 Alonso Davila and Patricia Fuller 
 James G. Brooks, Yann Coatanlem, and Trevor Potter 
 Christine Schwarzman and Honorable Maguy Maccario-Doyle 
 Steve Brown, Laura Drexel, and Linda Rosario 
 Jackie Williams, Kitty Sherrill, Sara Ayres, Shabnam Henry, Alexandra Lind Rose, and Allison Aston 
 Alexandra Lind Rose and Sara Ayres 
 David Cundey, Marianne Boesky, Maryellen Cundey, and Liam Culman 
 Allison Aston and Andrew Fry 
 Joseph Solari, Camilla Solari, Emily Boshart, and Tom Henry 
 Travis Acquavella and Lesley Schulhof 
 Tyler Bracken, Amanda Starbuck, and Lindsay Bracken 
 Rosalind Wholey, Robert Wholey, and Jill Kargman 
 Christian Leone, Dennis Basso, Michael Cominotto, and David Schulhof 
 Alexia Ryan, Helene Comfort, and Mary Snow 
 Jay Aston,  Di Petroff, and Jamie Beard
 Lindsey Pryor and Liz Peek 
 Carol Mack, Leslie Stephens, and Todd Romano 
 Renee Rockefeller, Alex Navab, and Mary Kathryn Navab 
 Fazle Husain, Rob Pitts, and Toni Sacconaghi 
 Simone Mailman, Mary Snow, Kristin Clark, and Alexia Ryan 
 Mary Snow and Sara Ayres 
 Basil Zirinis and Tiffany Dubin 
 Reed Coleman, Stephanie Kearney, Lindsey Coleman, Francesca del Balzo, and James Kearney 
 Jaime Morales, Dara O'Hara, Timothy O'Hara, and Sean Spellman 
 Blair Husain, Daniel Cappello, Sloan Overstrom, and Claudia Overstrom 
 Dan Quart and Louis Rose 
 Atmosphere 
 Judgie Graham, Erika Bearman, and Daniel Cappello 
 Anson Beard, Dara O'Hara, Timothy O'Hara, and Veronica Beard 
 Aerin Lauder and Marina Purcell 
 Kevin E. Parker, Stephen J. Dannhauser, Robert Benmosche, Daniel J. Rusty Staub, Philip V. Moyles, and Mark Messier 
 Linda Giammona with New York's Bravest 
 Carol Alt and Linda Giammona with U.S. Military Volunteers
 Arielle Lenza, Mark Messier, and Linda Giammona 
 Kevin E. Parker, Philip V. Moyles, and John Q. Doyle 
 Daniel J. Rusty Staub and Kevin E. Parker 
 Edward Skyler, Arielle Lenza, and William Dawson, Jr. 
 Robert Benmosche and Daniel J. Rusty Staub 
 Salvatore Cassano, Stephen J. Dannhauser, and John Q. Doyle 
 Elizabeth  and John Sanchez 
 Kenan Turnacioglu, PhD, James Speyer, MD, Lori Fink, Joshua Samuelson, and William Carroll, MD 
 NYU Cancer Institute Gala 2012 at the Plaza Hotel 
 Ken Langone, James Speyer, MD,  Elaine Langone, and William Carroll, MD 
 Connie and Marty Silver 
 Herbert Lepor, MD and Silvia Formenti, MD 
 Jarmo Savera, Jaana Sareva, and James Speyer, MD 
 Larry Fink, Robert I. Grossman, MD, Dean and CEO NYU Langone, James Speyer, MD, and Ken Langone 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD,  Lori Fink, James Speyer, MD, and William Carroll, MD 
 Marica Vilcek and Jan Vilcek, MD, PhD 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD, Dean and CEO NYU Langone, Billie Tisch, Philip Moskowitz, MD, Tom and Alice Tisch 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD, with Edward and Maya Manley 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD and Elisabeth Cohen, MD 
 Roberta Greenberg and Roselee Morell 
 Sylvia Hassenfeld and Trudy Elbaum Gottesman 
 Tracy and Stanley Shopkorn 
 Trudy Elbaum Gottesman and Robert Gottesman 
Bongor Biz stilt walker greets partygoers
ERLC Exec. Dir. Kathleen Durham
Sheila Johnson and Della Britton Baeza
Tina Brown
Opening Night soloists Nathan Gunn, Sasha Cooke
Lizabeth Newman
Nancy Brenner, Rachel Hoffheimer, Ashley Brenner
Connie Steensma with composer Augusta Read Thomas
Lisa Podos
 Rev. Jennifer Linman, Rev. Mark Collins, Jeri Sedlar, Honoree Edward Cardinal Egan, Nancy Houghton, Bishop Andrew St. John, Rev. Boniface Ramsey, and Rev. Brenda Husson 
 George Wade, Robert Livermore, Barbara Wade, Wendy Wade, Rev. Brenda Husson,and Pam Deane 
 Barbara Callahan and Steven Krohn, Board President 
 Shain Schley, Mary Ball, and Vijay Anand 
 Patricia Keegan and Margot Slater 
 Ann Selden, Elizabeth Healy, and Kathrine Fleming 
 Marguerite Yates, Hugh Hildesley, and Natalie Cacciato 
 Danielle Dineen, Kristen La Valle, David La Valle, and Kelly Fitzgerald 
 Sheri and Allan Benton 
 Brenda Neal and Honoree Leonard Kurz 
 Sharee Stephens, Kate Prescott, Kiersten Page, and Emily Long 
 Charlotte Moss and Mario Buatta 
 Sigourney Weaver, Eleanora Kennedy, Craig Thompson, and Dr. Annette Rickeli 
 Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss 
 Ari and Coco Kopelman 
 Amanda Essex, Alexandra Rose, and Victoria Vought 
 Charlotte Moss, Adam Smith, and Pamela Fiori 
 Katie Tozer, Kamie Lightburn, Tara Wilson, and Rema Parachini 
 Melissa and Chappy Morris 
 Andrea Fahnestock and George Hambrecht 
 Polly Onet, Scott Snyder, and Audrey Gruss 
 CeCe and Lee Black 
 Duane Hampton and Edward Lee Cave 
 Marshall Watson and Lisa McCarthy 
 Jennifer Isham, Priscilla Rattazzi, Liza Lerner, and Susan Moss 
 Sam Allen and Natalie Leeds Leventhal 
 Alexia Hamm Ryan, Jamee Gregory, and Mary Snow 
 Amy Hoadley and Melanie Holland 
 Gianluigi and Adrianne Vittadini 
Mario Buatta
Oliver James, Kiera Chaplin, Toni Lubetsky, and Paul Lubetsky
Audrey Gruss, Ann Dexter Jones, and Jacqueline Weld Drake
Carolina Alvarez Mathies and Angel Sanchez
Geoffrey Bradfield and Catherine Petree-Biron
Roberto Pumarejo and Lilly Scarpetta
The Peggy Rockefeller Rose Garden
 Allison Bourke, Nonie Sullivan, Maureen Chilton,  Jeanie Burn, and Mary Davidson 
 Hartley Rogers and Amy Falls 
 Co-Chairs Nonie Sullivan, Mary Davidson, and Jeanie Burn wearing Piaget 
 John and Carmine  Thain 
 Peter Kukielski with Maureen and Richard Chilton 
 Deborah and Chuck Royce 
 Friederike biggs (right) and friends 
 The Sullivans 
 Wilson and Eliot Nolen 
 Jeanne Jones 
 Joseph Singer, Mish Tworkowski, and Jim Kloiber 
 Julie and Nicholas Sakellariadis 
 Maureen and Richard Chilton and friends 
 Laurie and Peter Grauer 
 The Piaget table 
 Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, Alan Meyers, Rocko, and Nick Cannon
 Catherine Petree-Biron, Sahel Golestan, Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, Amy Laurent, and Tom Murro
 Amy Laurent and Sahel Golestan 
 Stephanie van Hassel, Jacob Zucker, Barbara Hemmerle-Gollust, Gregory Beltrame, Lizzi Bickford, and Jason Canady 
 Joan Siffert and Darryl 'DMC' McDaniels 
 Alexis Zanbrano, Jesus Torres, Gabriel Rivera-Barraza, Moises de la Renta, Maria Penacova, and Laurent Biron
 Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, Darryl 'DMC' McDaniels
 Jacob Zucker, Lizzi Bickford, Barbara Hemmerle-Gollust, and Gregory Beltrame 
 Carlos Alvarez-Aranyos, Moises de la Renta, and Laurent Biron
 Catherine Petree-Biron and Tom Murro 
 Moises de la Renta, Ellie Rines, and Isabelle Edwards 
 Nick Cannon and Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean 
 John Kluge and Arden Wohl
 Laurent Biron and Catherine Petree-Biron 
 Sahel Golestan 
 Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean 
 Lizzi Bickford and Stephanie van Hassel 
Honoree Henry Arnhold speaks in the long West Gallery at the Frick Collection's Autumn Dinner.
Honoree Henry Arnhold receives commemorative Tiffany tray from Director Ian Wardropper
Stephen Lash and Director Emerita Anne L. Poulet
Rick Beinecke, Mary Phipps, and Candace Beinecke
Effie and Robert Fribourg and Marie Nugent-Head Marlas and James C. Marlas
Pat and David J. Braga
Elisabeth de Picciotto, Honoree Henry Arnhold, and Mary Ann Fribourg
 Jon Landau and Hester Diamond with a guest
Emily T. Frick and Robert L. Froelich
Obi Odogwu and Mary Beth Mandanas
Associate Curator of Decorative Arts Charlotte Vignon, Michele Beiny Harkins, and Jeffrey H. Munger
Benefit Chairs Jean-Marie and Elizabeth Eveillard with Andrew Gundlach, Marina French, and Wolfram Koeppe
Isabella Meisinger and Aso O. Tavitian
Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani, Maureen Nash, David Goldman, and Sandeep Mathrani
Sofia and Peter P. Blanchard
Jerry Bogert with Susan and Keith Kroeger
Heather McDowell Levin and Adam K. Levin
Sheila and Robert F. Hoerle
Rob Nathan and Annie Sundberg
Sidney R. Knafel, Andrea Woodner, and Londa Weisman
Jerry Ann Woodfin and Victor Costa
Benefit Chairmen Jody and John Arnhold
Paul Arnhold, Jody Arnhold (Benefit Chairman), Julia Arnhold, and Wes Gordon
Elisabeth de Picciotto and Ezra Zilkha
Paula Zahn, Helen During, Honoree Henry Arnhold, and Helen Clark (former Prime Minister of New Zealand)
Paul Fribourg and Elaine Wolfensohn
Vanessa and Pauline Black of The Four Graces winery
John Garraty and Elise Frick
Jill Newhouse and Thomas Denzler
Dudley Johnson with Benefit Chairman Elizabeth Eveillard and Pauline Eveillard
Henry P. and Susan Johnson with Michael Kellen
Wes Gordon, Judy Dimon, and Paul Arnhold
Patsy and Gobind Bulchandani (seated) with daughter Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani
Corinne and Etienne Breton in the Frick's galleries
Christine Schwarzman and Frick Deputy Director and Peter Jay Sharp Chief Curator Colin B. Bailey
Henry Neville and David Patrick Columbia
 Katherine Waterston, Ari Graynor, and Emily Young performing 
 Brian d'Arcy James
 Katherine Waterston, Ari Graynor, and Lapham's Quarterly Editor Lewis Lapham 
 Bryce Pinkham, Emily Young, and Justin Levine
 Ari Graynor, Katherine Waterston, and Emily Young 
 Hamish Linklater and Oliver Platt 
Richard Thomas, Georgiana Bischoff, Oskar Eustis, and Oliver Platt
 Laurie Eustis,  Lewis Lapham, Kathleen Begala, and Yves Istel 
 Heath Calvert and  Laurie Eustis 
 Lisa Towbin, Bob Towbin, and Yves Istel 
 Pratt Institute’s 125th Anniversary celebration at the Waldorf=Astoria. 
 Julie Taymor, Maximilian Josef Riedel, Thomas Schutte, and Kehinde Wiley
 Maximilian Josef Riedel, Thomas Schutte, Arlene Dahl, and Marc Rosen 
 Hal Rubenstein and Fern Mallis 
 T.V. Carpio, Dana Fuchs, and Martin Luther McCoy 
 Bruce Gitlin and Bruce Neman 
 Kelsy Parkhouse 
 Casey Daurio, Karen Stone, and Steve Diskin 
 Chef Kurt Gutenbrunner and Maximilian Josef Riedel 
 Hamish Bowles and Juan Montoya 
 Mike Pratt 
 Karim Rashid 
 Mark Heimberger, Maya Lee, and Herb Alpert 
 Herb Alpert's award presentation 
 Harlem School of the Arts Advance Jazz Combo 
 Jordan Hall 
 Student Performers 
 Christopher Williams and Janice Savin Williams 
 Judith Insell, Arturo O'Farrill, and Yvette L. Campbell 
 Kelsey Goldsmith, Helen Shelton, and Lindsay Bubbico 
 Pamela Carlton and Charles J. Hamilton, Jr. 
 Walter Greene, Elinor Tatum, and Michael Feeney 
 Jamie Klein and friend 
 Lydia Carlston and Mats Carlston 
 Rocco Landesman and Herb Alpert 
 Tamara Tunie, Valerie Simpson, and Gregory Generet 
 Melvin van Peebles and friends
 Dr. Henry Jarecki with Melvin Van Peebles and friend
 Michelle Fizer-Peterson and Lydia Carlston 
Heather Stastney, Yvonne Lynam, and Lauren Imperial
Olivier Theyskens and Marcia Mishaan
Barbara Warren, Yesim Philip, and Jennifer Carlston
Anne Harrison and Doug Blonsky
John Jay Medal honorees Barbaralee Diamonstein-Spielvogel (left) and Kitty Aresty (right) with Congresswoman Nita Lowey (center)
 Rich Clary, Kitty Aresty, Ken Jenkins, Chairman of the Westchester County Board of Legislators, Suzanne Clary, and Steven Aresty
 John Jay Medal awardee and JHC Founder, Catherine "Kitty" Aresty (in red) with her husband Joe, daughter-in-law Rosanne, and son Peter
 Carl and Barbaralee Diamonstein-Spielvogel with Diana and Melvin Burruss
 Carl and Barbaralee Diamonstein-Spielvogel with Steve Otis and Karen Keogh
Mimi Magarelli, Rosanne Aresty, and Leigh Garry
Scott and Caroline Wallach
 Richard and Emmy Klarberg, Rich Clary, and Janet and Lucien Burnett
Pat and Fiona Kennelly
Jan Archer, John Jay Dubois and Sharon Dubois, and Steve Einstein
 Felix Swing Band set the mood!
 Allison Rockefeller marvels at the 1838 Mansion door which has been restored to its original dimensions and awaits a final coat of paint and installation in the Jay mansion
 The evening drew over 170 guests to see what's new at the 1838 Jay Mansion
 Angela Kosinski and Erin Sinnott in flapper fringe and party paillettes
 Larry and Sondra Salley with Suzanne Clary and Frank Sanchis
 Lisa and Richard Witten
Cathy Rosenstock and Warrie Price, President of the Battery Conservancy
 Bill and Linda Gordon with Karen and David Thomas
The United Hospital Fund's 134th fund-raising campaign at the Waldorf.
 Marie and the Hon. Micah Kellner with Elizabeth J. McCormack, recipient of the Distinguished Community Service Award
 Karen Davis, recipient of the Health Care Leadership Award;  Jim Tallon; David Blumenthal; and  NYS Commissioner of Health Dr. Nirav R. Shah
 Josh Kuriloff, recipient of the Special Tribute, with his wife, Amy, and son, Max
 Gail and Al Engelberg, Roger W. Ferguson, Jr.,  and J. Barclay Collins II
 Andy Kelleher, Ed Moslander, Kevin Nazworth, and Loris Eminente
 Steve Anderson and Christina Proscia
 Lee Perlman, Frank Cracolici, Beth Essig, and Dr. John W. Rowe
 Donna Moylan and Dr. Benjamin K. Chu
 Dr. Philip O. Ozuah, Ken Raske,  Dr. Steven M. Safyer
 Dr. Edgar and Harriette Mandeville
 Robert and Judith Hall with Patricia Levinson
 Louis Fair, Jr. and Blenda Wilson
 Brian Biles, Patricia Neuman, Jennifer Rentas, and Diane Rowland
 Alan Aviles, Dan Sisto, and Dr. Linda Brady
 Drs. Robert E. and Anna Kelly
 John J. and Ingrid Connolly
 Patricia J. Wang and Karen Heller
 Dr. Harris M. Nagler, Martin D. Payson, and Dominick M. Stanzione
 L. Jablonowski, Reg Foster, and Sally J. Rogers
 Laurie-Anne Bentley and Blair Nordby 
 Teresa Winans, Anna Winans, and Harry Chung 
 Jamey Nordby, Richie Horowitz, and Ed Morgan 
 Carrie Dolan, Jason Birchard, and Tony Rotella 
 Steven  and Kim Espinosa 
 Tahasha Impastato and Dick Impastato 
 Jeff Olsen, Amy Olsen, Tom Caputo, and Janet Caputo 
 Joe Sano, Ed Morgan, and Father Francis 
 Catherine Cazes-wiley and friend 
 Carola Mack, Veronica Kelly, Eugene Kelly, and Veronica Kelly 
 Tom McDonald, Karen Salerno, Harmer Johnson, Paul Wolff, and Carol Wolff 
 Soulymane Syibe and Stephen Hayek 
 Jillian Gutman and Neil Grosscup 
 Mary Latimer Chung, Leo Schuster, and Judy Morgan 
 Elizabeth Saikia and ? 
 Cheryl Mitchell, Debbie Jonnes, and Jill Lamar 
 Jan Nagel and Beverly Sloan 
 Summer Brown 
 Summer Ellis, John Ellis, Mary Sunny McCoy, and Marion Meythaler 
 Jaime Sudberg, Becky Flammino, and Erica Koffler 
 Music Director Jacques Lacombe 
 Music Director Jacques Lacombe with the NJSO and pianist Jean-Yves Thibaudet 
 Cocktails
 Ingrid Novak of the NJSO with David Huber, NJSO Trustee and CFO of Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of NJ, and his wife, Ellen 
 Janet Lacombe and NJSO Board Co-Chair Ruth C. Lipper 
 Stephen M. Vajtay Jr., Michael Guariglia and NJSO Trustee Scott Kobler of McCarter English 
 Paula Stark with composers  Sarah Kirkland Sinder, Steven Mackey of Princeton University and Dr. Robert L. Aldridge of Rutgers University's Mason Gross School of the Arts 
 Josh Weston, NJSO Life Trustee, and his wife, Judy 
 Janice Ellig, Co-CEO of Chadick Ellig, with Michael Lipper 
 NJSO  Opening Night  Dinner 
 Pianist Jean-Yves Thibudet takes a bow after a private  performance of Gershwin's "Embraceable You" for dinner guests 
 Pianist Jean-Yves Thibaudet with guests Philip Crowley, Judy Orlando and John S. Tamagni 
 Pianist Jean-Yves Thibaudet with NJSO Chairman Emeritus Dr. Victor Parsonnet and his wife, Jane 
 Interim NJSO President & CEO Susan Stucker (center) with Trustees Linda Bowden, Regional President of PNC Bank, and Gerald Appelstein 
 Antoinette Cooper, NJSO Trustee and Director of US Private Banking and National Sales at TD Bank, with her husband, Lee Blair 
 Stephen Sichak Jr., NJSO Board Co-Chair and Senior VP at BD, with John Schreiber, President & CEO of NJPAC 
 Linwood Oglesby of the Newark Arts Council, with Sharron Little of Prudential and guest 
 NJSO Interm President & CEO Susan Stucker with Mary Jo Sichak 
 NJSO Board Co-chairs Stephen Sichak Jr. and Ruth C. Lipper with Music Director Jacques Lacombe and pianist Jean-Yves Thibaudet 
Museum of the City of New York's   "New York After Dark."
 Allison Rockefeller, Eric Javits, and Celerie Kemble 
 Amy Fine Collins and Daisy Olarte de Kanavos 
 Betsey Pitts and Simone Mailman 
 Stewart Sundlun, Joanne de Guardiola, Patricia Duff, and Roberto de Guardiola 
 Bill Manger and Martha Glass 
 Carol Mack, Amy Fine Collins, Lisa Fine, Mary Hilliard and Rachel Hovnanian 
 Chris Brown and Maud Ferrand 
 Jamee  and Peter Gregory 
 Marco Scarani, Emel Zilek, Teresa Colley, and Bruce Colley 
 Kathy Prounis and Othon Prounis 
 Patricia Duff, Frederick Anderson, and Susan Magrino 
 Lindsey  and Reed Coleman 
 Natalie Leeds Leventhal and Christian Leone 
 George and Louise Monyemangene 
 David Jack and Brendalyn Stempel 
 Margery Koven and Jay Koven 
 Frances Schultz, Bill Smith, and Nina Griscom 
 Gaynor Rupert and Xander Ferriera 
 Xander Ferriera and Hanneli Rupert 
 Stewart Paperin, Lisa Firestone van Winterfeldt, Caspar van Winterfeldt 
 Fernando Gentil, Lisa Gentil, Gabriella Gentil, and Fernando Jr. Gentil 
 Chris Moore and Liz Kelly 
 Heather Carrington and Carrie Maloney 
 Bartle Bull and Kathleen Vuillet 
 Virginia Tracy and Jennifer Kennedy 
 Enyinne Owunwanne, Sabah T Dweh-chenneh, Dawne Marie Grannum, Peter Jallah, and Folake Eniola 
 Carrie Mackin and Noel Kurdi 
 Laura Nicklas and Brent Nicklas 
 Tiffany Moller, Jennifer Creel, and Amanda Taylor 
 Sara Ayres 
 The Herbert living room
 Lorne Herbert, Larry Herbert, Michele Herbert, Michele Riggi, and Chris Riggi 
 Ron Riggi and John Falk 
 Ann Marie D'Angelo, Nina Loory, Anka Palitz, and Michele Riggi 
 Elizabeth Lacause, Melanie Brown, Marsha Wallace, and Lauren Gorden 
 Rina Desai, Dana Lutt, Michele Herbert, Mallory Sobel, and Marjorie Horne 
 Peter Nicholson, Jerry Applestein, and Carla Uzel 
 Lee Glantz performs 
 Jerry Applestein and Malinda Cloobeck 
 Patricia Perlmuth, Anthony Kane, and Susan Kane 
 Richard Kielar and Dr. Susan Krysiewicz 
 Ann Marie D'Angelo,Mimi Bermant Adler, and Cynthia Fischer 
 Anka Palitz and Carl Hewitt 
 Denise Rich and Michele Herbert 
 Chris Riggi, Ron Riggi, and Larry Herbert 
 Brooke Milstein, Tom Shiah, and Patricia Shiah 
 Grymes Cannon, Michelle Rella, Troy Curtis, and Lorne Herbert 
 Richard Kieler, Christain Zimmermann, and Alex Dube 
 Michelle Rella,Michele Herbert, Michele Riggi, Chris Riggi, Denise Rich,Madhu Ruia, and Alisa Roever 
 Larry Herbert, Stewart Wicht, and Michele Herbert 
 Tom Cahill, Caroline Kennedy, Vito Schnabel, Agnes Gund, Samantha Boardman Rosen, Jeff Koons, and Joel Grey at Studio in a School's 35th Anniversary Gala.
DPC and David Applebaum on camera at Kykuit.
 Caroline Kennedy and Joel Grey 
 Richard Roob, Tom Cahill, Agnes Gund, and Vito Schnabel 
 Mary Kate Olsen and Vito Schnabel
 Martha Stewart, Marshall Cohen, Dorothy Lichtenstein, and Agnes Gund 
 Stavros Niarchos, Jessica Hart, and Alberto Mugrabi 
 Catherine Gund, Graham Gund, and Ann Gund
 Tamara Sandy, Rachel Hovnanian, and Darren Walker 
 Anne Niemeth, Chuck Niemeth, Edith Simpson, and Sharon Simpson 
 Yvonne Force Villareal, Sandra Lozano, and Dorothy Lichtenstein 
 Nicole Gallo, Pat Lazak, Lindsay Maas, and Jay Paavonpera 
 Chrissy Erp and Dorothy Lichtenstein 
 Patti Harris, Sarah Arison, Agnes Gund, and Lisa Perry 
 Vito Schnabel and Jemima Kirke 
 Tom Cahill, Larry Gagosian, and Jeff Koons 
 Bill Susman, Sarah Weeks, Todd Bishop, and Emily Glasser 
 Tania Higgins, Gabrielle Bacon, Mary Snow, and Amanda Taylor 
 Anne Bass 
 Caroline Dean, Dennis Basso, and Vera Wang 
 Erana Stennett, Susan Friedman, and Jay Kriegel 
 Adam Glassman and Marjorie Gubelmann 
 Caroline Kennedy and Will McDonough 
 Aby Rosen and Mary Snow 
 Martha Stewart and Joe Mimran 
 Robert Wagner and Jill Wagner 
 Natasha Elkon, Dick Glasebrook, and Claudia Demonte 
 Kim Mimran, Adam Glassman, and Carolyn Angel 
 David Mugrabi, Richard Sachs, and Libby Mugrabi 
 Tree Williams, James Reynolds, and Carrie Mae Weems 
 Will McDonough, Bettina Bryant, Darren Walker, and Carrie Mae Weems 
 Donna Rosen, Lawrence Benenson, and Babette Rittenberg 
 Elizabeth Kujawski and Ann Temkin 
 Byron  and Sylvia Lewis 
 Margo Langenberg, Jon Nagel, and Susan Nagel 
 Tia Walker, Jay Moorhead, and Leah Rumbough 
 Alexis Thomas, Francis Kairson, and Stephanie Palmer 
 Christine De Lisle, Ken Kline, and Dolores Barclay 
 Kathalynn Davis and Kathy Boyle 
 Carolyn Brown and Lloyd Brown 
 Paula Hunnicutt, Hilary Block, and Susan Dunrovich 
 Natalie Abatemarco and Anjelica Mantikas 
 Brie Bythewood and Alicia Bythewood 
 Patricia Weeks and Jamie Connor 
 Nancy Silberkleit 
 Saundra Cornwell and Nina Cooper 
 Andrew Flach and Jessica Burstein 
 Emery Westfall and Carol Beladora Westfall 
 Mary Amor 
 Carolyn Brown, Abenna Abboa-Offei, and Brendalyn King 
 Jean Shafiroff, Dawne Marie Grannum, and Miriam Weisbecker 
 Shelley Halperin, Stanley Kreitman, and C. B. White 
 Wendy Sarasohn and John Yunis 
 Laura McCloy and John J. McCloy 
 Stan Rumbough, Anki Leeds, and Philippe Bigar 
 Michael Anthony Pegues, Carl Sylvestre, Brooke Laing, and Lindsay Menon 
 Rochelle Ohrstrom 
 Jean Shafiroff, Kathryn Chenault, Star Jones, and Alicia Bythewood 
 Lisa Salomon and Jo Hallingby 
 Valerie Rooks and Mika Sterling 
 Saundra Parks and Dr. Bert Peterson 
 Frank Lautenberg and Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg 
 Gene Thompson, Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg, Yigal Ozeri, and Lois Robbins 
 Natalie Hiscer, Dawn Sterling, Amir Benesh, and Tijana Skendzic 
 Richard Frankel, Shai Baitel, and Gene Thompkins 
 Gene Thompson and Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg 
 Ellen Arthur, Bonny Rosen, Joan Diamond Panetz, and Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg 
 Michael Paniccia, Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg, and Judy Glickman 
 Andrew Zaro, William Turen, and Fred Fish 
 ? and Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg 
 Carnegie Hall's 2012–2013 season opening night gala dinner in the Grand Ballroom at The Waldorf-Astoria.
 Maestro Riccardo Muti and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra 
 Baritone Audun Iversen sings Carmina Burana with Maestro Riccardo Muti and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and Chorus 
 Gala Chairman and Trustee Oscar de la Renta and Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Clive Gillinson, Michael Nelson and Carnegie Hall Chairman Sanford I. Weill unveil Breguet's new lobby clock 
 Marc Mezvinsky and Chelsea Clinton 
 Gala Co-Chairmen and Trustee Peter May and Leni May with  Bill Cunningham 
 Bruce and Suzie Kovner 
 Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Barbara Walters, and Barry Diller 
 Tina Lundgren, Trustee Terry Lundgren, Sarah Jessica Parker, Trustee Robert Kraft, Ricki Lander, and Chairman Sanford I. Weill 
 Nazee Moinian 
 Clive Gillinson, Congresswoman Carolyn B. Maloney, and Sanford Weill
 Sasha Cohen and Tina Lundgren 
 Joan Weill, Linda Lindenbaum, Clive Gillinson, Chairman Sanford I. Weill, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and Commissioner Kate D. Levin 
 Sylvester and Gillian Miniter 
 Trustee Burton Resnick, Judy Resnick and guests 
 Trustee Judy Zankel and Geoffrey Colvin 
inside Haunch of Venison for  The Drawing Center's  Annual Auction 2012.
 Stacey Goergen, Brett Littman, and Brooke Shields 
 Tina Lutz and Rhiannon Kubicka 
 Will Cotton, Rose Dergan, Michele Oka Doner, and Inka Essenhigh 
 Maggie Betts 
 Jay Lehman and Sally Morgan Lehman 
 Stacey Goergen, Suzanne Cochran, and Pam Goergen 
 Anne Cook, Jane Dresner Sadaka, and Lynn Halbfinger 
 Joyce Krawiecki and Nicole Gallo 
 Cameron Shay 
 Waqas Wajahat and Elizabeth Scwartz 
 Anika Taylor and Philae Knight 
 Lang Pew and Warrie Price 
 Nina Katchadourian and Deanna Lee 
Junior Council members enjoy cocktails in the Hall of Mexico and Central   America
Andrew Flug and Paulette Fox 
Alex and Valerie Twerdahl with Museum Curator Mark Norell
Co-chairs Zachary and Lori Pomerantz
Steering Committee member Joseph Cavanaugh and Kate Deming with Steering Committee member W. Jameson McFadden and Aimee Schreiner
 Jaka Bizilj, Amy Goodman, Sting, Jessye Norman, Trudie Styler, Thomas Kipp, Allan Buchman, and Noella Coursaris Musunka 
 Cheyenne Jackson 
 Lynne Cherry and Olivia Bolar 
 Noella Coursaris Musunka 
 Rachael Kun, Tim Morehouse, Noella Coursaris Musunka, and James Masters 
 Jessye Norman 
 Allan Buchman 
 Amy Goodman 
 Faith Hope Consolo and Joseph Aquino 
 Jaka Bizilj 
 Joe Berlinger, Trudie Styler, Sting, and Hans-Jürgen Beerfeltz 
 Joe Berlinger and Trudie Styler 
 Shonda Hornbeck and Lynne Cherry 
 Ubah Hassan 
 Sting sings at Cinema For Peace New York 
From left to right, Mr. Bob Wright (co-founder of Autism Speaks), Ms. Katie Wright (daughter of co-founders of Autism Speaks), H.E. the first lady of the Maldives Madame Ilham Hussain, Mr. Mike Lake and Jaden Lake, Her Excellency the wife of the Vice President of Nigeria Mrs. Amina Namadi Sambo, H.E. the wife of the minister of foreign affairs of Turkey Mrs. Sare Davutoglu, H.E. the first lady of Panama Mrs. Marta Linares de Martinelli, H.E.the spouse of the foreign minister of Serbia Mrs. Natasa Jeremic, H.E Mrs. Ban Soon-taek (wife of UN Secretary-General), Ms. Saima Wazed Hossain (daughter of prime minister Bangladesh), H.E. the prime minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina, Her Excellency the first lady of Guyana Mrs. Deolatchmee Ramotar, Mrs. Suzanne Wright (co-founder Autism Speaks), Her Excellency the spouse of the prime minister of St. Vincent and the Grenadines Mrs. Eloise Gonsalves, H.E. Dr. Liri Berisha spouse of prime minister of Albania,  Her Excellency the first lady of Namibia Mrs. Penehupifo Pohamba, HE the first lady of Albania Mrs. Odeta Mishani (front row), and HE the spouse of the prime minister of Croatia Mrs. Sanja Music
H.E. Mrs. Amina Namadi Sambo, spouse of the vice president of Nigeria, with  Suzanne Wright, co-founder of Autism Speaks
Mike Lake, Member of Canadian Parliament and son Jaden Lake, who has autism
H.E. Sheikh Hasina, prime minister of Bangladesh
Professor Saima Wazed Hossain with  H.E. Madame Ilham Hussein, first lady of the Maldives
 H.E. Mrs. Irene deThalassinós,  H.E. Mrs. Ban Soon-taek, H.E. Mrs. Odeta Nishani, H.E. Mrs. Marta Linares de Martinelli, Mrs. Suzanne Wright, H.E. Mrs. Penehupifo Pohamba, H.E. Mrs. Deolatchmee Ramotar,  and H.E. Mrs. Eloise Gonsalves
Cocktails at the Metropolitan Club for the  Alzheimer’s Drug Discovery Foundation's 3rd annual Luncheon & Symposium.
 Leonard Lauder, Mel Goodes, Nancy Goodes, David Goodes, and Melanie Caceres 
 Cornelya Dorbin, Jennifer Rogers, Sara Ann Vaughan, Maggie Simmons, Mary Rose Taylor, Barbara Doyle, Victoria Manley, and Natalie DiSantis 
 Nancy Seltzer, Dr. Howard Fillit, and friend 
 The Honorable Carolyn Maloney, Leonard Lauder, and Sharon Bush 
 Dr. Howard Fillit, Paula Zahn, and Leonard Lauder 
 Ann Tisch, Phebe Port, and Alexandra Trower 
 Hannah Pakula, Mel Goodes, and Nancy Corzine 
 Nancy Corzine, Deb Gray, Liz Robbins, Nancy Lynn, and Sarah Gund 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Robin Meltzer 
 Dr. Steven J. Romano and Paula Zahn 
 Alice Shure, Christopher Johnson, and Bonnie Pfeifer Evans 
 Kathryn Steinberg, Alice Shure, and Bette-Ann Gwathmey 
 Ruth Baum, Pat Rowland, Jan Willinger, Cynthia Friedman, and Norma Teifel 
 Chuck Diker, Barbara Schwartz, Joel Ehrenkranz, and Frederick Melhado 
 Jeffrey Cohen, William Rose, Pamela Kurtz, Christopher Johnson, and David Noto 
 John Walsh, Sarah Walsh, and Mitch Eichen 
 Silvia Zonana and Sharon Bush 
 Dr. Howard Fillit and Mary K. Bush 
 Carol Launer and James Moe 
 Robert  and Renee Belfer 
 Christine Quinn and William Lauder 
 Ted Hartley  and Paula Zahn 
 Alice Shure, Kathryn Steinberg, and Sarah Good 
 Jessica Cohen, Conchita Tucker, Rachel Lane, and Maria Testani 
 Efrem Weiss, William Bocra Jr., William Rose, Ian Griggs, and David Noto 
 Buzz Zaino and Harriet Weintraub 
 Jef Cohen, George Reithoffer, Karen Johnson, and Michael Robinson 
 Vivian Cardia, Lisa Salibello, and Linda Hoffman 
 Selden Illick, Christopher Illick, Jodie Eastman, and John Eastman 
 Shirley Maytag King, Yanni Antonopoulos, and Paula Root 
 Liz Robbins, Mitchell Lynn, and Nancy Lynn 
 Nancy Corzine, Alison McCall, Peter Eliel, and Debra Krulewitch 
 Alana Duff, Silvia Zonana, Deb Gray, and Amanda Mulally 
 George Schiele, Merilee Bostock, and Carolee Friedlander 
 David Wilshin, Bonnie Pfeifer Evans, Charles Evans Jr., and Ann Dexter-Jones 
 Yanni Antonopoulos, Shirley Maytag King, and Joan Sutton Straus 
 Ernie Larini, Mitch Eichen, and Sara Walsh 
 Gala dinner at Skylight One Hanson, décor courtesy Fleurs Bella 
 Wynton Marsalis and Co-Chair Jonathan Rose 
 Brooklyn Nets Head Coach Avery Johnson and Cassandra Johnson 
 Joseph Melillo, Bruce Ratner, Marty Markowitz, Irina Prokhorova, Mikhail Prokhorov, Karen Brooks Hopkins, and Alan Fishman 
 Wynton Marsalis and Garth Fagan 
 Garth Fagan (center) and his dancers 
 Goldman Sachs CFO Harvey Schwartz and Anne Hubbard 
 Choreographer Garth Fagan
 Co-Chair Diana Rose and composer Philip Glass 
 Judith and Alan Fishman with Diane and Adam Max 
 Bruce Ratner, BAM Board Member MaryAnn Gilmartin, and Mikhail Prokhorov 
 Honorary Corporate Chair Pamela Codispoti and Irina Prokhorova 
Martha Busconi, Erica Armstrong, Alison Brettschneider, Dr. Gerald Loughlin, Courtney Nataraj, Claire Capello, and Amy Dieterich
 Madame Oketiniwati and Evie Evangelou 
 Tory Burch, Madame Oktiniwati Ulfadariah Hatta Rajasa, Evie Evangelou, and Martha Stewart 
 Lily Cole, Livia Firth, Franca Sozzani, and Tommy Hilfiger 
 Rebecca Minkoff 
 Lobbo Traore Toure, First Lady of Mali 
 Jeanine Jeo-Hi Kim and Madame Ban Soon-taek 
 Yaz Hernandez 
 Madame Oketiniwati, HRH The Otunba Adekunie Ojora, and HRH The Erelu Ojuolape Ojora 
 Alexis Welch 
 Evie Evangelou and Martha Stewart 
 Reem Acra 
 Leslie Jones, Rosemarie Audia, Minou Tirasteh,  Ellen Haddigan, Melanie Holland, Jonathan Rosen, Elizabeth Fuller, and Hilary Dick 
 Jonathan Rosen and Melanie Holland 
 Teri Brajewski, Anisa Romero, Melanie Holland, and Mendy Graves 
 Courtney Arnot, Amy Hodley, Marie Vantelt, and Katie Tozer 
 Stephanie Griswold, Hilary Dick, and Leslie Jones 
 Jonathan Rosen, Ashley Wendell, and Alex Falk 
 Dr. Annette Rickel, Leslie Jones, and Minou Tirasteh 
 Carlie Seymour, Melanie Holland, and David Holland 
 Anki Leeds, Peter Webster, Caroline Nype, and Martha Webster 
 John Fasano and Jonathan Rosen 
 Gill Lamphere and Martha O'Brien 
 Laura Prepon 
 Don Felder and Miri Ben-Ari 
 Mr. Chen Feng and Professor Han Demin 
 Logan West 
Cocktails on the mezzanine of the Metropolitan Opera House.
 Courtney Love 
Madison and John Utendahl
 Jennifer Esposito 
 Rob  and Marisol Thomas 
 Katie Lee 
 Michele Hicks 
Marta Ornelas and Placido Domingo with family
 Martha Stewart 
 Julie Macklowe and Zang Toi 
 Yuki Bouzari 
 Katherine Leitch and Terrence Kooyker 
 Radmila Lolli 
 Vicki  and Chris Kellogg 
Jamie Figg and Margo Langenberg
 Wifred Thomas, Karen Holbrook,Amb. Harriet Elam-Thomas, Roger Brindley, Kiki Caruson, and Kyna Betancourt 
 Alison von Klemperer,David Macdonald, and Jacqueline Thompson 
 Amy Brandt, Nina Ibrahim, and S.A. Ibrahim 
 Amy Brandt,Nina Ibrahim,S.a. Ibrahim, Ann Stock, and Hikment Ersek-Edit 
 Elizabeth and Karlheinz Muhr 
 George Soros, Tom Russo, Princess Ghida Talal, and Henry Jarecki 
 Gul Rasolol, Afghani,Ann Johnson,Margaret Wager, and Tom Johnson 
 Henry Jarecki, George Soros,Congresswoman Anita Lowey,Senator Pat Leahy, Marcelle Leahy, Mark Angelson, and Lyn Angelson 
 Jack Greenberg, Donna Greenberg, and Hikmet Ersek 
 Laya Khadjavi, Andrew Hoover, Elinor Hoover, and Hamid Biglari 
 Mark Kaplan, Helene Kaplan, and Tom Johnson 
 Patricia Waldeck and Victor Goldberg 
 Patti Kenner, Ruth Gruber, and Doris Schechter 
 Peter Hancock, Tom Russo, Robert Benmosche 
 Russell Hirshfield, Lili Forouraghi, Leila Larijani, Roya and Massoud Heidari 
 Saman Adamiyatt, Massoud Heidari, and Maryam Ansary 
 Tom Johnson, Ann Johnson, Denise Benmosche, and Robert Benmosche 
 Tom Johnson, Lyn Angelson, Marcelle and Senator Pat Leahy, Mark Angelson 
 Buffet table with orange sunfowers 
 Leanne Borghesi, Marcy McGuigan, Brittney Lee Hamilton and Veanne Cox in 40 Maked Women, a Monkey and Me 
 Jessica Burrows 
 Leanne Borghesi, Marcy McGuigan and Brittney Lee Hamilton 
 Bobbi & Vin Godleski admire the flowers 
 Paulina Evgenidis 
 Tara and Aldo Scrofani 
 Judy Ross 
 Donna & Russ Yarnell 
 Rusty Meyers, Charlotte Ramsey, Gary Miller and Eileen Foley Miller 
 Kathy Kluge and Tom Gelpke 
 Silvia Fernandez, Marta Fernandez and Chas Fox 
 Talia Hermesh 
 Veanne Cox, Brittney Lee Hamilton Jonathan Brielle and Leanne Borghesi 
 Jonathan Brielle and Mary Horn 
 Christian Lerch and Jessica Burrows 
 Philip and Elaine Getter, Jonathan Brielle, Cherie King and Barbara Martal 
 Lawrence and Amy Poster 
 The Company - Leanne Borghesi, Ken Prymus, Jessica Burrows, Michael Bush, Jonathan Brielle, Brittney Lee Hamilton, Marcy McGuigan and Veanne Cox 
 Trish Goff 
 Susan Burden, Eric Brettschneider, and Susan Magazine 
 Susan Magazine, Candice Posner, and Dr. Jennifer Mieres 
 Allison Aston 
 Caroline Dean and Mark Gilbertson 
 Yaz Hernandez 
 Selita Ebanks and Roe Williams 
 Lauren Remington Platt 
 Gillian and Sylvester Miniter 
 Wendi Murdoch 
 Aerin Lauder 
 Annelise Peterson 
 Eli Mizrahi 
 Sid Sheray, Bob Hamer, Jill Hamer, Kyri McClellan, Jim Clerkin, and Frank Doyle 
 Charles Ferguson and Gillian Tett 
 Andrew Sollinger, John Hollar, and Richard Waters 
 Richard Waters, April Dembosky, Ruzwana Bashir, and Michael Birch 
 Larry Baer and Roger Barnett 
 Kim Anstatt Morton, Rob Grimshaw, and Erin Ganju 
 Joanna Rees, Larry Baer, and Kyri McClellan 
 Ron Conway, Dick Costolo, and Richard Blum 
 Tom Newton, Larry Baer, and friend 
 Hydra Mendoza and Joanna Rees 
 Andrew Sollinger, Jerry Kennelly, John Ridding, and Jim Clerkin 
 Rob Grimshaw and Ron Huddleston 
 Samantha Barnes, Bruce Scott, Stuart Gray, Tex McCarthy, Stuart Barker, and Sheila Hackbarth 
 Rob Grimshaw, Zaw Thet, Peter Stern, and Ron Huddleston 
 Bart Scott Stuart, Stuart Hayim, and Plaxico Burress 
 Lisa Hayim, Brad Neuman, Gregg Hayim, and Max Hayim 
 Heidi  and Richard Horowitz 
 Nikesha Brown and Maggie Keating 
 Allison and Billy Frenz 
 Lou Branchinelli and Alfred Discipio with their family
 Richard Monti 
 Calvin Brown, Gianni Mercuri, Eli Youssian, Bart Scott, and Jack Bardakjian 
 Donna Froehle Dr. Alex Covey, and Stephanie Morandi 
 Steven Freidel, Plaxico Burress, Eli Schwartz, and Stuart Hayim 
 Meghan Boody and Randy Polumbo at the opening of Randy Polumbo’s “Love Stream at at the Steven Kasher Gallery.
 Steven Kasher, Beth DeWoody, and Randy Polumbo 
 James Salomon and Mary Gail Parr 
 Paul Laster, Michele Gerber Klein, Dan Desmond, and Peter Wolf 
 Meghan Boody 
 Carter Pottash, Ashley Gail Harris, and Mitchel Adam 
 Bernard Leibov, Randy Polumbo, David Vincent, and Bonnie Young 
 Kyle DeWoody, Alex Mustomen, and Joe Sheftel 
 Mark Gordon and Julio Salcedo 
 Ellie Rines, Aditya Julka, Suzanna Lee, and Michael H. Miller 
 Lynne Camer, Karen Newman, Viviane Silvera, Marc Newman, and Natalia Bernini 
 Elizabeth Fiore and Hiroko Onoga 
 Michael Goodwin, Jerry Portwood, and Patricio Del Real 
 Ana Oliveira, Ginny Day, and Diana Taylor 
 Joyce Cowin and Jean Troubh 
 Alexandra Stanton and Andrea Greeven Douzet 
 Liz Peek and Jean Shafiroff 
 Ann Rapp 
 Bonnie Comley and Sharon Kerr 
 Hyatt Bass 
 Janna Bullock and Anne Delaney 
 Kathryn Weisbeck, Paola Bacchini, and Sonia Nassery Cole 
 Patricia Shiah 
Guests were ferried to a concert at The Church of San Sebastiano, the site of one of Save Venice’s most important ongoing restorations (photo: Matteo De Fina).
 Jean Giamonco and Lisa Sohigian 
 Steve and Anne Cucchiaro with Francesca Bortolotto Possati 
 Carolina and Theo Schulze 
 Francesca Bortolotto Possati with Ellen and David Rosand 
 Leslie Contarini, Matteo Ceriana, and Melissa Conn 
 Micky and Madeleine Arison 
 The newly restored Sala dell'Albergo 
 Juan Prieto, Cat Jagger Pollon, and Beatrice Rossi-Landi 
 Laura Maioglio and Gunter Blobel 
 Richard Almeida, Irene Mecchi, and Jill Almeida 
 Svetlana and Alexandre Borodin, Olga Litviniuk, and Frederik Paulsen 
 Carol and Ed Salgado 
 Elizabeth Stribling and Lou Rena Hammond 
 Bob Guthrie, Patricia and Carlo Vigano, and Beatrice Guthrie 
 Pier Luigi Foschi and Emanuela Venturini 
 Matthew White and Frederick Ilchman 
 Roger de Montebello, Mary Frank, and Alberto Nardi 
 John Staelin, Loue Rena Hammond, Richard Almeida, Elziabeth Locke, and Jill Almeida 
 The Ballroom at Palazzo Barbaro 
 Alberto and Marta Nardi 
 Giuseppe and Antonietta Bono, Gianni and Daniela Onorato, Corrado Antonini, Madeleine Arison, and Gunilla Antonini 
 Brooke Lanier, Shana Terry, and Tina Walls 
 Fiona Peel and Ronald Lee Fleming 
 Denise De Luca, Nathalie Kaplan, and Dina Chartouni 
 Mara and Charles Robinson 
 Jose and Beatrice Esteve 
 Matteo Corvino, Beatrice and Bob Guthrie, and Raffaella Curiel 
 Mary and Howard Frank 
 Thomas Spry and Charles Tolbert 
 Rick Miramontez, Jon Dimond, Thomas Schumacher, Andy Snyder, Matthew White, and Jamie Dumont 
 Matteo and Monica Carlotti 
 Annie and John Fiorilla 
 Jens and Nataly Funk 
 Irina Tolstoy Gans and Elizabeth Locke 
 Colleen Atwood, Trudie Styler and Matthew White 
 Penelope Seidler, Anthony Ames, and Mel Oldenburg 
 Jose Luis Martinez and Kathleen Berry 
 Nick, Pamela, Kathryn, and Nicholas Lazares 
 Thomas Schumacher and Trudie Styler 
Guests were ferried to a concert at The Church of San Sebastiano, the site of one of Save Venice’s most important ongoing restorations.
 Jean Giamonco and Lisa Sohigian 
 Steve and Anne Cucchiaro with Francesca Bortolotto Possati 
 Carolina and Theo Schulze 
 Francesca Bortolotto Possati with Ellen and David Rosand 
 Leslie Contarini, Matteo Ceriana, and Melissa Conn 
 Micky and Madeleine Arison 
 The newly restored Sala dell'Albergo 
 Juan Prieto, Cat Jagger Pollon, and Beatrice Rossi-Landi 
 Laura Maioglio and Gunter Blobel 
 Richard Almeida, Irene Mecchi, and Jill Almeida 
 Svetlana and Alexandre Borodin, Olga Litviniuk, and Frederik Paulsen 
 Carol and Ed Salgado 
 Elizabeth Stribling and Lou Rena Hammond 
 Bob Guthrie, Patrica and Carlo Vigano, and Beatrice Guthrie 
 Pier Luigi Foschi and Emanuela Venturini 
 Matthew White and Frederick Ilchman 
 Roger de Montebello, Mary Frank, and Alberto Nardi 
 John Staelin, Loue Rena Hammond, Richard Almeida, Elziabeth Locke, and Jill Almeida 
 The Ballroom at Palazzo Barbaro 
 Alberto and Marta Nardi 
 Giuseppe and Antonietta Bono, Gianni and Daniela Onorato, Corrado Antonini, Madeleine Arison, and Gunilla Antonini 
 Brooke Lanier, Shana Terry, and Tina Walls 
 Fiona Peel and Ronald Lee Fleming 
 Denise De Luca, Nathalie Kaplan, and Dina Chartouni 
 Mara and Charles Robinson 
 Jose and Beatrice Esteve 
 Matteo Corvino, Beatrice and Bob Guthrie, and Raffaella Curiel 
 Mary and Howard Frank 
 Thomas Spry and Charles Tolbert 
 Rick Miramontez, Jon Dimond, Thomas Schumacher, Andy Snyder, Matthew White, and Jamie Dumont 
 Marco and Monica Carlotti 
 Annie and John Fiorilla 
 Jens and Nataly Funk 
 Irina Tolstoy Gans and Elizabeth Locke 
 Colleen Atwood, Trudie Styler and Matthew White 
 Penelope Seidler, Anthony Ames, and Mel Oldenburg 
 Jose Luis Martinez and Kathleen Berry 
 Nick, Pamela, Kathryn, and Nicholas Lazares 
 Thomas Schumacher and Trudie Styler 
Guests were ferried to a concert at The Church of San Sebastiano, the site of one of Save Venice’s most important ongoing restorations.
 Jean Giamonco and Lisa Sohigian 
 Steve and Anne Cucchiaro with Francesca Bortolotto Possati 
 Carolina and Theo Schulze 
 Francesca Bortolotto Possati with Ellen and David Rosand 
 Leslie Contarini, Matteo Ceriana, and Melissa Conn 
 Micky and Madeleine Arison 
 The newly restored Sala dell'Albergo 
 Juan Prieto, Cat Jagger Pollon, and Beatrice Rossi-Landi 
 Laura Maioglio and Gunter Blobel 
 Richard Almeida, Irene Mecchi, and Jill Almeida 
 Svetlana and Alexandre Borodin, Olga Litviniuk, and Frederik Paulsen 
 Carol and Ed Salgado 
 Elizabeth Stribling and Lou Rena Hammond 
 Bob Guthrie, Patrica and Carlo Vigano, and Beatrice Guthrie 
 Pier Luigi Foschi and Emanuela Venturini 
 Matthew White and Frederick Ilchman 
 Roger de Montebello, Mary Frank, and Alberto Nardi 
 John Staelin, Loue Rena Hammond, Richard Almeida, Elziabeth Locke, and Jill Almeida 
 The Ballroom at Palazzo Barbaro 
 Alberto and Marta Nardi 
 Giuseppe and Antonietta Bono, Gianni and Daniela Onorato, Corrado Antonini, Madeleine Arison, and Gunilla Antonini 
 Brooke Lanier, Shana Terry, and Tina Walls 
 Fiona Peel and Ronald Lee Fleming 
 Denise De Luca, Nathalie Kaplan, and Dina Chartouni 
 Mara and Charles Robinson 
 Jose and Beatrice Esteve 
 Matteo Corvino, Beatrice and Bob Guthrie, and Raffaella Curiel 
 Mary and Howard Frank 
 Thomas Spry and Charles Tolbert 
 Rick Miramontez, Jon Dimond, Thomas Schumacher, Andy Snyder, Matthew White, and Jamie Dumont 
 Marco and Monica Carlotti 
 Annie and John Fiorilla 
 Jens and Nataly Funk 
 Irina Tolstoy Gans and Elizabeth Locke 
 Colleen Atwood, Trudie Styler and Matthew White 
 Penelope Seidler, Anthony Ames, and Mel Oldenburg 
 Jose Luis Martinez and Kathleen Berry 
 Nick, Pamela, Kathryn, and Nicholas Lazares 
 Thomas Schumacher and Trudie Styler 
Dinner at the premiere for Showtime's "Homeland" aboard the Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum.
"Homeland" themed Cupcakes by Melissa
 Claire Danes and Anna Wintour 
 Giancarlo Giammetti, Morena Baccarin, Claire Danes, and Valentino 
 Sean Calley 
 Morgan Saylor 
 Bruce Weber and Nan Bush 
 Katie Lee 
 Rosanna Scotto and Jenna Scotto 
 Archie Panjabi 
 US Navy
            service members
 Patti Lupone 
 Diego Klattenhoff, Morena Baccarin, and Valentino 
 David Nevins, Alex Gansa, and Howard Gordon 
 David Marciano 
 Stephanie March 
 Judy Licht and Jerry Della Femina 
 Katrina Bowden 
 Benjamin Walker and Stark Sands 
 Richard Kind 
 Cocktails and hors d'oeuvres on the grounds of the Rogers Mansion 
 Wyndanch Early Morning, 30x36, Oil on wood by Eileen Dawn Skretch 
 Oldest one room schoolhouse in Southampton 
 Dede Gotthelf Moan and Tom Edmonds 
 Mildred C. Brinn, Edward Callaghan, and Kay Gilman 
 Katherine and Gary Andreassen 
 Author and architectural historian Gary Lawrance and portrait artist Zita Davisson 
 Jim and Maryann Nugent with Bob Wines 
 Zachary and Oxana Crawfford 
 Marie Glinka, Mary Welker, and Kathleen Glinka 
 Southampton Trustee Nancy McGann and artist Eileen Dawn Skretch 
 Michael Figliolia, Francesca Dricot, Amleto Mazza, and Denise Pavilonis 
 Board President Gerri MacWhinnie and Jean Shafiroff
 Stephanie Abrahams, Kerry MacWhinnie, and Gerrie MacWhinnie 
Irene Aitken and Henry Lynn
 Jeff Gordon, Amare Stoudemire, Carolina Herrera, and Henrik Lundqvist 
 Jonathan Cheban and Nicole Richie 
 Katharine McPhee 
 Elettra Wiedemann 
 Deanna Rodriguez, Clare Brown, and Wendy Rokose 
 Claudia Mason 
 Dr. Lisa Airan and Jill Kargman 
 Harry Kargman, Jill Kargman, Susan Fales-Hill, and Gail O'Neal 
 Patricia Ferrera Lansing, Reed Krakoff, and Delphine Krakoff 
 Mae Alexander 
 Roger Padilha, Fran Drescher, and Mauricio Padilha 
 George Hess and Caroline Stern 
 Pat Cleveland, Donna Jordan, and Maria Snyder 
 Jerry Beersdorf and Chantel Miller 
 Anita Sarko and Erzen Krivca 
 Erica Lopez and Neil Aristy 
 Cator Sparks and Fay Cantor-Stephens 
 Holly Bernesser and Cary Neer 
 Anna Sui 
 David Blond and Phillipe Blond 
 Joey Arias 
 The Match begins
 Murial Paton, Alison Manning, Isabel Ramirez, and Juliana Jerse 
 Judge Jerry Sheindlin, Cindy Adams, and Judge Judith Sheindlin 
 Giaia Rener, Torquhil Campbell, Duke of Argylll, Peter Brant, and Vanessa Wright 
 Bryan Gulyas, Ashley Snyder, and Ryan West 
 Alli Kruk, Allie Gambino, Daniel Bush, Andrea Roderiguez, and Lauren Doyle 
 Ravi Rajan, Tim Mund, Anne Kern, and Jim Young 
 Felicity Sargent and Mark Molle 
 Noamie Bauer, Giaia Rener, and Vanessa Wright 
 David Boysmaster, Eric Alfieri, Caroline Hemphill, Kate Hemphill, Steve Alfieri, and Robert Alfieri 
 Vanessa Wright, Torquhil Campbell, and Giaia Rener 
 Robert Stepanian, Jenn Danzi, Carrie Lazarus, and James Parker 
 Julia Rhee and Samina Rind 
 Sima Honarbakhsh Pirnia, Arthur Loh, and Chantal Soret 
 Frances Schneider and Linda Podhurst 
 Elliot Cooperstone, Barbara Cooperstone, Tim Hall, and Lisa Hall 
 David Boysmaster, Eric Alfieri, and Robert Alfieri 
 Eric Reimer, Belinda Reimer, and Chandler Reimer 
 Kate and Caroline Hemphill 
 JC Iglesias, Tina Starr, Kristin Ratcliffe, and Larissa Bond 
 Ross Graham, IIsabelle Mentre, and Torquhil Campbell 
 Susan Asch, Thomas Lynch, Sue Weiss, and Margaret Luberda 
 Nacho Figueras greets his fans
 Matias Magrini, Torquhil Campbell, Nacho Figueras, and Bash Kazi 
 Edwina von Gal and John Maroney 
 Scott Sanders and Peter Wilson 
 Mickey Straus 
 Anh Duong and Malcolm Carfrae 
 Cindy Sherman and Martha Stewart 
 Ross Bleckner and Rajan Mamtani 
 Randy Slifka 
 Seth Labenz and Roy Rub 
 Adrianna Pidwerbetsky 
 JK Brown, Ellen Kern, Eric Diefenbach, and Nancy Portnoy 
 April Gornik and Laurie Anderson 
 Nan Bush, Firooz Zahedi, and Bruce Weber 
 Laurie Anderson 
 Alli McGuiness, Peter Dysert, Sarah Johnson, Kathryn Lott, Caroline Fair, Patrick Benoist, Tracy Glesby, Pat Anderson, Kate Hall, Josh Cortez, and Christina Geyer at    the second annual ROCKNRUNWAY fashion event hosted by Stanley Korshak in Dallas.
 Melanie and John Wambold, and Judy Hadlock 
 Sean Bruns 
 Jusy Hadlock and Steven Stolman 
 Scott Sander, Sean Mellyn, Kendell Cronstrom, and Marianne Howatson 
 Cornelia Bregman and Inge Lasusa 
 Catherine DiMatteo and Stefan Lasek 
 Earl Crittenden, Justin Terzi, and Ross Meltzer 
 Ross Meltzer and Denise Johnston 
 The RocknRunway scene 
 Tom Short, Joe Calvillo, Hunter Brouss, and Justin Cox 
 Rose Clark, Crawford Brock, and Christina Geyer 
 Wayne Moore, Lisa Moore, Justin Cox, Molly Cox, Crawford Brock, and Christina Geyer 
 Crawford Brock, Janet Brock, Helen Brock, Laura Brock Chandler, Leigh Brock Friend, and Ryan Friend 
 Rose Clark, Wayne Moore, Lisa Moore, Molly Cox, Justin Cox, Heather Furniss, Crawford Brock, and Christina Geyer 
 Echelon Ball Committee and Executive Committee 
 Leigh Friend and Paige Slates 
 Ryan Friend and Leigh Friend 
 Sarah Johnson and ___ 
 Josh Cortez, Patrick Benoit, and Patrick Anderson 
 ___, Candi Crawford, ___, ____, and Michelle Hunt 
 Rick Corso 
 Jessi Moreau and Steven Strobe 
 Matt Cain and Krystal Schlegel 
 Austin Ames, Amanda Callahan, and Chart Westcott 
 Amanda Callahan, Heather Furniss, and Austin Ames 
 Molly and Justin Cox 
 Atmosphere 
 Heather Lange, Preston Evans, and _____ 
 Leigh Brock Friend, Ryan Friend, Nina Sachse, and Deck Sachse 
 Krystal Schlegel and Rebecca Bowen 
 Livvi Luttrell, Lindsay Gehan, Blake Johnston, Helen Brock, Kara Jones, and Janie Cardwell 
 Leila Cornelius 
 McCann Girls and Niven Morgan 
Vittorio Assaf Jr, .Charlotte Assaf, Valentina Assaf, and Vittorio Assaf
Shanette Barth Cohen and Dennis Susskind 
Patty and Ashley Raynes
Karmen Noble and Lanka Lenart 
Andrea Scavione and Christina Koleoglou 
Stewart Lane and  Bonnie Comley 
Jeffrey Beri and his dog Sinatra
Jim Dratfield displays his photos
Getting fitted for boots 
Valerie Angeli of the ASPCA 
Lexi Maounis
Lillie Keenan 
Charlotte Jacobs
Leah Lane
 The Holiday Electric 
 C3 
 The Subscribers 
 Moroccan Sheepherders 
 Leesa Rowland and Jane Pontarelli 
 Cassandra Seidenfeld and Madame Mayhem 
 Dominick D'Alleva and Robin Cofer 
 Nicole Noonan and Sandy Madera 
 David Hudson and Amber Brust 
 Jennifer Tripoli and Donna Drake 
 Hana Deleuse, Mariana Fazilova, and Cass Almendral 
 A little down time at the opening day of the 37th annual Hampton Classic.
 Leonard Riggio and Louise Riggio 
 Lisa Nilsson Levin and Chris Lukas 
 Stephanie Riggio, Michael Bulger, and Louise Riggio 
 Adriel Reboh and Christine Schott 
 Brian Simonson, Jenny Dunion, and Craig Reynolds 
 Alexandra Titone and Lila Titone 
 Rob Jones, Todd Hutcheson, Calum Gair-Stephenson, and Alex Hamer 
 James and Virginia Comley, Bonnie Comley, Stewart Lane, Leah Lane, and Claudette Darrell 
 Showering before showtime 
 Manicure before showtime 
 Ready to go 
 Up next ...
 The competition begins 
 Round 1 ... 
 Getting a rubdown after competition 
 Sculpture Garden 
 Hunter Ring Entrance 
 Set for lunch ...
 Lunching in the VIP tent 
 The bubbly is ready! 
 Hat ladies ...
 Sofia D'Angelo, a 14-year-old rider who sang the National Anthem 
 Wolffer Estate Vineyard Ladies ready to serve.... 
 Wolffer Estate Vineyards Lounge in the VIP tent 
 Saddles for sale 
 Saddle scene 
 What's all the fuss with the horses? Look at me!
Alex Hitz hosted a dinner for a hundred guests  high above Sunset Plaza  in Los Angeles.
 Susan Fales-Hill and Christopher Robbins 
 Valerie Cox 
 Sylvia Mazzola, John Mazzola, and Alison Mazzola 
 Sophia Signorelli and Jim Signorelli 
 Jill Davis, Ed Conard, and Susan Fales-Hill 
 Susan Fales-Hill and Christina Robert 
 Carol Laffey and Kelly Laffey 
 Alison Mazzola and Norman Polonofsky 
 Susan Fales-Hill and Angela Costanzo 
 Cheryl Bergenfeld and Jamie Figg 
 Donna Zilkha, Bettina Zilkha, and Christina Robert 
 Nancy Saladino and Sevi Regis 
The view
 The staff: Abraham Setbom, Justin Eden, Gil Jackson, Dutch Johnson, Nick Ballard, and Ted Burkow 
Heirloom Tomato Pie
Beverly Hills Barbecue Chicken
Best-Ever Brownies
 Annette Tapert, Alex Hitz, and Jane Fonda 
 Nikki Haskell 
 Marin Hopper and Frances Schultz 
 Beth Rudin DeWoody, Billy Kimball, and Justine Bloomingdale 
 Alison Gorsuch and Devin Corrigan 
 Billy Kimball, Alexandra Kimball, and George Farias 
 Carly Steel 
 Eugenio Lopez Alonso, and Esthella Provas 
 Leo Hoenighausen and BeBe Reed 
 Christine Kirk and Jason Kirk 
 Wendy Stark, Annette Tapert, Georgia Howe, and Lou Howe 
 Leo Daly, Anne Kopelson, and Arnold Kopelson 
 Beth Rudin DeWoody, Susan Stroman, and Craig Starr 
 Grega Daly and Leo Daly 
 Leo Hoenighausen, Bebe Reed, and John Dewis 
 Frank Bowling and Freddie Windsor 
 Steve Heinzer and Kiki Heinzer 
 Annabelle Shulman, Steven Shulman, and Joan Linclau 
 Alex Hitz, Marin Hopper, Alessandro Uzielli, and Kimm Uzielli 
 Tom Dittmer, Lisa Fine, and Bill Smith 
 Carol Matthews, BeBe Reed, Rudolfo Monaco, and Frank Bowling 
 Hutton Wilkinson and Ruth Wilkinson 
 Geoffrey Thomas and Richard Johnson 
 Gary Pudney and Sharon Sondes 
 Scott Alper, Jessica Udell, Scott Udell, Sheri Lane, Darren Lane, Riki Udell, Jared Udell, Randi Udell-Alper, Bob Eisenstadt, and Zach Udell at the Animal Rescue Fund of The Hamptons'  Jewels of Summer.
 Ronnie and Charles Lavine  with Mona!
 Candy Udell and Martin the Dog 
 Tim Claire, Lin Claire, Candy Udell, Rita Castagna, and Frank Castagna 
 Gale Drukier, Candy Udell, and Sara Davison 
 Sheri Lane, Steve Kalman, and Jill Kalman 
 Donna Slotnik and Barry Slotnik 
 Kathleen Rice, Chuck Scarborough, Candy Udell, and Scott Udell 
 Gene Pressman and Christine Pressman 
 Gale and Ira Drukier 
 Riki Udell and Jessica Udell 
 Andrew Andrew 
 Faran Cohen, Marcy Czeizler, and Jayme Cohen 
 Chuck Scarborough, Sara Davison, and Frances Hayward 
 Polly Bruckman, Jay Kuhlman, Sarah Alward, and John Trentacoste 
 Brian McCarthy and Steven Dunaif 
 Mayer  and Fran Udell 
 Doreen Eisenstadt, Candy Udell, Linda Singer, Riki Udell, Jessica Udell, and Betsy Ferrara 
 Robert Albertson and Suzanne Murphy 
 David Yurman and Dr. Jay Gladstone 
 Jean and Martin Shafiroff 
 Laurence Kimmell, Joanne Vitulli, and Joseph Vitulli 
 Fran and John Gutleber 
Steve Eckhaus, Sherry Eckhaus, Douglas Oliver, Sherry Oliver,  Warren Terwilliger, and Aki Terwilliger

 Andrea Fasman, Dr. Rick Hodes, Craig Klosk, Tricia Kallett, Molly Klosk, Dejene Hodes, Zach Fasman, and Steven Price 
 Andrea Fasman, Dejene Hodes, Dr. Rick Hodes, Molly Klosk, Craig Klosk, Tricia Kallett, Steven Price, and Zach Fasman 
 Steven Price and Craig Klosk 
 Steven Price, Dejene Hodes, Ilie Wacs, JoAnn Silverstein, and Sam Silverstein 
 Judah Kraushaar and Sarah Eisenman
 Amanda Gimble, Myron Glucksman, and Judah Kraushaar 
 Kim Seeherman, Tricia Kallett, David Seeherman, and Debbie Karol 
 Tricia Kallett and Craig Klosk 
 Hayley Foster and Adam Foster 
 Ted Kauffman and Stacey Boral 
 Eve Urvater, Ann Kelman, and Debbie Karol 
 Alyssa Weiss, Guy Billauer, Jill Smith, and Bob Smith 
 Lance Korman, Brian Waterman, Craig Klosk, Tricia Kallett, Lauren Lesser, Jodi Waterman, and Shawn Frankel 
 Marty and Lauren Geller 
 Donald Tober, Ali Wambold, and John Ike at the 12th annual Millbrook Horse Trials.
Cutting the ribbon
 Denise LeFrak Colicchio, John Colicchio, Rick Friedberg, Francine LeFrak, and Dr. Barry Coller 
 Alyssa Shapiro, Adam Shapiro, Dr. Barry Coller, Dr. Bobbi Coller, Lucas Shapiro, Hudson Shapiro, Natalie Kruglyak, Rachel Kruglyak, Leonid Kruglyak, and Hilary Coller Kruglyak 
 Dr. Barry Coller and Dr. Bobbi Coller 
 Dr. Jo Ivey Boufford and Dr. Barry Coller 
 Karen LeFrak, Jennifer Diggins, Denise LeFrak Colicchio, and Dr. Bobbi Coller 
 Rick Friedberg, Dr. Jo Ivey Boufford, Raymond Kelly, Francine LeFrak, Dr. Bobbi Coller, Dr. Barry Coller, Greg Kelly, and Dr. Lee Goldman 
 Arlene Shaner 
 Greg Kelly 
 Dr. Bobbi Coller 
 Dr. Barry Coller 
 Denise LeFrak Colicchio 
 Rick Friedberg, Gertrude Friedberg, and Greg Kelly 
 Ethel LeFrak, Raymond Kelly, and Greg Kelly 
 Alyssa Shapiro, Adam Shapiro, Dr. Barry Coller, Dr. Bobbi Coller, Lucas Shapiro, Hudson Shapiro, Natalie Kruglyak, Rachel Kruglyak, Leonid Kruglyak, and Hilary Coller Kruglyak 
 Adam Shapiro and Lucas Shapiro 
 Lynne Goldstein and Paul Goldstein 
 Judy Berkowitz, Arturo Constantiner, and Caren Constantiner 
 Blaine Fogg, Diane Fogg, Karen LeFrak, and Richard LeFrak 
 Allen Spiegel, Jan Vilcek, and Marica Vilcek 
 Jennifer Diggins, Sharon Sternheim, Francine LeFrak, and Denise LeFrak Colicchio 
 Sharon Sternheim, Somers Farkas, and Carol Penn 
 Jennifer Diggins and Raymond Kelly 
 Midge Richardson and Raymond Kelly 
 Natalie Kruglyak, Hudson Shapiro, Lucas Shapiro, and Rachel Kruglyak 
Pharrell Williams and Usher
Usher, Ron Isley, Paul McCartney, and Jon Bon Jovi
Richie Notar, Richie Sambora, and Scott Greenstein 
Katie Gallagher and Leah LaBelle 
Robert Kraft, Russell Simmons, and Ernie Isley
Loic Villepontoux and Jasmine Mullers 
JohnSykes, Rico Love, Usher, and Pharrell  
Christina Taylor, Steny Hoyer, Lauren Taylor, and Richard Parsons 
Jeffrey Terrance and Lilly Hartley 
Peter Hermann, Mariska Hargitay, Desiree Gruber, and Kyle MacLachlan
Lorraine Bracco and Richard Parsons
Lorna Luft, Barry Manilow, and Penny Marshall 
 Ricky Lander and Robert Kraft
Lorna Luft, Barry Manilow, and Anjelica Huston 
Kirsten Fitzgibbons, Eileen Arascott, and Kelli Ford 
Donna Karan, Sandy Gallin, Anjelica Huston, and Jimmy Buffett
Ray and Vivian Chew 
Daniella DeClarico, Ray Perelman, and Carmen Sonders 
Millana Snow and Marcus Kane 
Julianne Hatkoff, Jane Rosenthal, and Penny Marshall 
Anthony Edson and Jennifer Drexler 
Alise Murray, Ron Isley, Kandy Isley, and Ernie Isley 
Matthew and Susan Blank
Donna Karen and Sandy Gallin 
Valentin and Yaz Hernandez 
Helen Lasichanh, Pharrell Williams, and Rico Love 
Comissioner Ray Kelly and Veronica Kelly
L.A. Reid and Damien Smith 
Ron Meyer and Jeff Zucker 
Erica Reid and Jennifer Hudson 
Ron Lauder
Ronald Perelman, Usher, and Pharrell Williams 
Tommy Mottola, Jane Rosenthal, and Aryeh Bourkoff
 The scene of the Millbrook Horse Trials 
 Irene Banning, Susan and Munir Abuhaidar, and Ann Denny 
 Jack Banning and Cat Kennan 
 Cat and Chris Kennan 
 Tom, Bonnie, and Grant Uger 
 Molly Schaefer, Marta Nottebohm, and Susan Abu Haidar 
 Caroline Merison, Rebecca Seaman, Cat Kennan, and Karen Klopp 
 Molly Schaefer, Linda Daines, and Anne Busquet 
 Chris Spitzmiller and Alexandra Kasmin 
 Doug Dundas and Jennifer Dundas 
 Ken Shelley, Steven Blauner, Simon and Loli Roosevelt 
 Barbara Tober and Olivia van Melle Kamp 
 Molly Schaefer, Chris Spitzmiller, and Dana Cowin 
 Enjoying the horse trials 
 Monica Wambold, Becky Thornton and Barbara Tober 
 Dutton, Roosevelt, Dady, and Colman children 
 Cat Kennan and Lisa Prince Fishler 
 Donald Tober, Ursula Gwynne, and Bob Thomas 
 Denise Herman and Barbara Tober 
 Donald and Barbara Tober
            with rider Phillip Dutton, who just returned from London Olympics riding Young Man
 Christopher and Joanie Fischer 
 Jill Brooke 
 Ava Watkins and Blance Williamson 
 Keri Millstein and Susan Sabin 
 Donna  and Dick Soloway 
 Authors waiting to sign and sell their books 
 Co-chair, Ken Auletta 
 Andy Siegel (Suzy's Case)
 Ann Ligouri (A Passion For Golf )
 Hilary Knight signing his book 
 Robert Caro 
 Michael Lindsay-Hogg 
 Bonnie Comely, Stewart F. Lane and Leah Lane 
 Children's book author, Michael Paraskevas 
 Christina Haag (Come to the Edge) 
 Martha Rogers and Dick Cavett 
 Ali Wentworth (Ali in Wonderland) 
 Dorothy Frankel, Dr. Ruth, and George Stephanapolis 
 Dr. Ruth and Ali Wentworth 
 Dr. Ruth signing her books 
 Karyn Mannix and Lori Schultz showing their new purchase 
 Jamee Gregory (New York Parties - Private Views) 
 Jeffrey Lyons (Stories My Father Told Me) 
 Kelly Bensimon 
 Leah Lane and Katie Lee
 Lisa Hartman 
 Lynn Sher (Swim) 
 Michael Paraskevas signing 
 Robert Klein  (The Amorous Busboy of Decautur Avenue) 
 Sam Talbot (The Sweet Life) 
 Tovah Feldshuh and Dr. Ruth 
 Ward Morehouse III (Inside the Plaza) 
 Ryan Sabinsky, Juan Valez, Benjamin Kurtz, Lyna Juong, Samuel Waxman, Jean-Georges Vongerichten, Joseph Murphy, Ron Gallo, Anthony Rico, and Frank Calamia 
 Pam Morgan, Mario Singer, Marion Waxman, Jean-Georges, Ramona Singer, and Dr. Samuel Waxman 
 Emily Lohrman and Chris Wragge 
 Colleen Reid, Emily Lohrman, Nicky DeFosset, Suzie DeFosset, and Monika Plocienniczak 
 Al Vivier, Erin Gibbs, and Adriana Pidwerbetsky 
 Aliza Zelin, Alix Anfang, Sammi Steinberg, Grace Bronstein, Brittain Youngblood, and Alissa Jacob 
 Alecia Joy Bloom, Maria Fishel, and Erika Szabo 
 Dr. Samuel Waxman, Diane Steiner, Ken Koopersmith, Era Brown, and David Brown 
 Ed  and Sally Callahan 
 Ryan Lee, Adriana Pidwerbetsky, Ken Wielebinski, Erin Gibbs, Peter Maroney, and Al Vivier 
 Sandy Taub, David Blum, Jean-Georges, and Marc Taub 
 Emma Kurz and Lukasz Mosakowski 
 Ariele Gordon, Sara Hansen, Ali Ziph, and Jessica Weber 
 Lauren Lefkovits, Cheryl Lefkovits, Marion Waxman, Ramona Singer, and Carol Singer 
 Jared Verteramo and Erica Pearl 
 Marion Waxman, Mary Kantor, Adrienne Kantor, and Pam Morgan 
 Jen Mitchell, John Burman, and Abigail Gibavic 
 Fitzie Ism, Jessica Mackin, Jenna Mackin, Nicole B. Brewer, Melanie Fitzgerald, Susan Kirby, and Robert Lacey 
 Natalia Saavedra, Linda Shapiro, and Isabel Saavedra 
 Marion Waxman, Meryl Sherman, Adrienne Jordan, and Laurie Schaffran 
 Jessica French and Martin Shnay 
 Lyndsey Rodrigues, Kara Venner, Sarah Sarpolis, Jared Verteramo, Erica Pearl, Christine Hogan, and Linda Gjelaj 
 Heidi Zuckerman Jacobson, Lance Armstrong, and Amy Phelan 
 Tom Sachs and Sarah Hoover 
 Chris Stone, John Bossard, and David Fox 
 Jamie Tisch and Caio Fonseca 
 Lisa  and John Runyon 
 Rob Pruitt and Jonathan Horowitz 
 Nir Hod 
 Mt. Carmel Holy Rosary Violin 
 Marilyn Borysek, Kim Standish, Candace Leeds, and Judy Gilbert 
 Bob Sylvestri and Honoree Diane Dechiaro 
 Joanne Foulke, Nicole  Duspipa, and John Chiodi 
 Tina Vasan and Molly Zinzi 
 Pattie Samuel, Michael Gerazounis, and Liset Cordero 
 Debra Cole and Amy Bearss 
 Ken Johnson, Janice Piszczatowski, Anthony Viviani, and Lisa Canty 
 Terry Siracusano and Abigail Garcia 
 Shameem Shah and Wendy Jackson 
 Dana Trulis and Chris Savoglou 
 Grace Gengenbach and Michelle Cooper 
 Father Andrew O'Connor, Father Francis Gasparik, and Thomas Vendetti 
 Ernie Anastos, Joan Lunden, and Father Francis Gasparik 
 Ernie Anastos, Faith Hope Consolo, Father Francis Gasparik 
 Father Francis Gasparik and Christine Chipurnoi 
 Cynthia M. Boyea 
 Karen Dome and Father Francis Gasparik 
 Michelle Cooper anmd Father Francis Gasparik 
 Ellen Canny-Goldberg and Father Francis Gasparik 
 Dane Trulis, Morgan Gorospe, and Cat Trenner 
 David and Dee Gordon, Wendy and George David, Caterine Milinaire, and Fred Cushing 
 Lewis and Elizabeth Rutherfurd 
 Derek and Nicole Limbocker 
 Nick Benson, Diana Oswald, and Alix Flood 
 Kitty Cushing and Annie Owen Pontez 
 Tom Blake and Brownie Warburton 
 Mathew Cullen, Norey Dotterer Cullen, and Effie Ellis Taylor 
 Caterine Milinaire with friends and Liana masks 
 Barbara Duncan, Monique and Jamie Coleman, and Kate Gubelman 
 Edie Cushing, Elizabeth Mc Millen, and Julie Warburton 
 Gina and Tim DiPietro 
 John and Jae French 
 Joe Mele 
 Steven Stolman takes the lead at  Southampton Hospital's 54th annual Summer Benefit.
 PMP chorus 
 Maestro Perlman conducting
            the orchestra
 Thank You presentation to the Starks 
 The Perltones
 Christine and Randall Blank 
 Sarah, Robbie, and Christine Browns with Paul Ferrillo 
 Helen Charash and Murray Charash 
 Richard Flood, Michael Stout, Barbara Gladstone, and Marc Goldstein 
 Michael Aaron and Christine Aaron 
 Karen Carpenter, Tanya Rosen, Charlie Brock, Mira Spektor, and Mary Jane Brock 
 Carla Solomon and Grace Yun 
 Helga Fisch and Richard Hodosh 
 Janice Gerton and Robert Siegel 
 Itzhak Perlman and Toby Perlman 
 Tom Skilken and Susan Lloyd 
 Sydney Stark and Morgan Stark 
 Christine Blank, Ran Blank, Governor David Paterson, and Hank Keilly 
 Itzhak Perlman, Governor David Paterson, Hank Keilly, and Jeff Greene 
 Mei Sze Greene and Tracey Keilly 
 Svetlana Wachtell and Herbert Wachtell 
 Eilene Oehl and Ronald Oehl 
 Linda Yates and George Yates 
 Toby Perlman, Jenny Sibony, Tom Skilken, Susan Lloyd, Paul Gridley, and Itzhak Perlman 
 Sophie Askew and Jay Soave 
 Christine Aaron and Paul Gridley 
 Ira Leeds and Ellen Saidenberg 
 Toby Perlman and Jenny Sibony 
 Gallery view
Clockwise from top left:  Beetle boats; Dark Island; Lavender skies; Kelp.
Clockwise from top left:             Peter Cary Peterson, Paige Peterson, and David Peterson; Peter Marcelle and Paige Peterson; Anki Leeds; Greta Weil and Richard Conway.
Clockwise from top left: Dr. Doug Steinbrech and Jeff Sharp with their extended family; Dr. Doug Steinbrech; Betsy Maloney and Catherine McCormick; Priscilla Rattazzi and Peter Brown.
Clockwise from top left: Michael Carlisle, Sally Peterson, and Peter Cary Peterson; David Kleinberg and Luke Redgrave; David Kleinberg and Priscilla Rattazzi.
 Fern Mallis, Howard Sobel, Katie Couric, Gayle Sobel, Rosanna Scotto, Julie Ratner, Rose Franco, and John Franco at   the annual "Heat" benefit for the Ellen Hermanson Foundation.
 Geoffrey Zakarian, Fern Mallis, Katie Couric, Howard Sobel, Gayle Sobel, and Rosanna Scotto 
 Haley and Jason Binn 
 Alexis Hurley, Patti Reynolds, Dee Dee Ricks, and Leslie Falk 
 Dee Dee Ricks and Karine Bakhoum 
 Cricket Burns 
 Emily Levin and Julie Ratner 
 Countess Luann de Lesseps, Heather Thomson, Michelle McCool, Samantha Yanks, and Aviva Drescher 
 Melinda Miller, Cary Randolph Fuller, Ross Burack, and Michael Gleicher 
 Katie Couric and Rosanna Scotto 
 Edie Falco, Geoffrey Zakarian, and Aida Turturro 
 Mercedes Ruehl 
 John Franco, Rose Franco, Rosanna Scotto, and Louis Ruggiero 
 Dee Dee Ricks and Armando Vuksonovic 
 Roger Meltzer, Robin Meltzer, Marline Sexton, and Nicole Sexton 
 Lauren Thayer and Lisa Lori 
 Ron Wendt and Baroness Sheri DeBorchgrave 
 Jay Diamond and Alexandra Lebenthal 
The dinner scene at the 13th annual Art For Life.
 Rufus Wainwright and Jorn Weisbrodt 
 Justin Waldron, Misaki Kawai, and Andrew Gilchrist 
 Tatiana Platt, Chris Brown, and Alina Cho 
 Shany Ellenberg, Rica Udani, Denise Vizcarra, and Lindsey Acree 
 Carlos Soto and Jorn Weisbrodt 
 Leila Straus and Mickey Straus 
 Daniel Gortler and Charles Renfro 
 Louise Hirschfeld Cullman and Dirk Luckow 
 Sophia Sanchez Barrenechea 
 Lana Smith, Henry Buhl, and James Cavello 
 Jonathan Farkas and Somers Farkas 
 Roopal Patel, Meredith Melling Burke, and Valerie Boster 
 Kevin McLaughlin, Debbie Bancroft, and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Cindy Sherman and Lou Reed 
 Jorn Weisbrodt, Susan Rockefeller, Klaus Biesenbach, and Todd Bishop 
 Nicole Miller and Kim Taipale 
 Cindy Sherman and Lou Reed 
 Adrienne Conzelman, Damian Krause, and Sharon Dorram-Krause 
 Southampton Animal Shelter Foundation's 3rd annual Unconditional Love Benefit at the home of Sandra McConnell  raised over $375,000.
 Kirsten Peckerman (board), Senator Richard Blumenthal, Linda Allard, and Jack Rosenberg 
 Tara and Riad Abrahams 
 Susan and Peter Twombly with John Michael Murphy 
 Ira Millstein and Susan Frame 
 Lisa Mahar,  Ana Christina Alvarado, and Anne Bass
 Sasha Greenawalt and Claire Gillman 
 Julian Lethbridge, Claire Gilman, and Conley Rollins 
 Brett Heyman and Anne Cecilie Speyer 
 Doug and Judy Hamilton with Frogard and Kevin Ryan 
 Peter Vaughn and Jim Millstein
 Danielle Matton, Dianna O'Doherty, and Craig Andrus 
 Mercedes Mestre and Anne Sutherland Fuchs 
 State Representative Arthur J. O'Neill and Dr. Rubi O'Neill 
 Andrew Barnes and Sherwin Gold 
 Alexis Thomas, Lloyd Brown, Patrick O'Connell, and Stephanie Palmer 
 Brooke Laing and Brie Bythewood 
 Carl Sylvestre, Ben Oaks, and Iris Tapia 
 Cornelia Bregman and Lloyd W. Brown II 
 George Mason and Emery Westfall 
 Gigi Bigar and Ming Lui 
 Hilary Cushing Block, Brooke Block, and Macaulay Bogdanovics 
 Jay Moorehead and Virginia Loving 
 Jean  Shafiroff and Lloyd W. Brown II 
 Jessica Burnstein and Jay Moorehead 
 Maria Orengo, Abenaa Abboa Offei, and Mary Van Pelt 
 Marquesa de la Varela and Marcy MacDonald 
 Monique Merrill and Diane de la Begassiere 
 Stanley Rubough, Anki Leeds, and Wendy Sarasohn 
 Save The Date 
 Jean Shafiroff, Jonathan McCann, Sandra McConnell, and Jane Hanson 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Ellen Scarborough and Chuck Scarborough 
 Charlene Nederlander, Somers Farkas, Jonathan Farkas, and Margo Nederlander 
 Sandra McConnell and Bob Chaloner 
 Dawne Marie Grannum, Isabel Ushery, David Ushery, and Dr. Penny Grant 
 Elizabeth Shafiroff, Lindsey Spielfogel, Jean Shafiroff, and Susan Allan 
 Rudy and Lydia Touzet 
 13. Jean Shafiroff, Lucia Hwong Gordon, Kim White, and Melanie Wambold 
Jeffrey Siegel playing for guests
 Jason and Tricia Pantzer 
 Joe Nehman, Susan Nehman, Joan Cohen, Ed Cohen, and Pam Pantzer 
 Tricia Pantzer, Pam Pantzer, and Joan Cohen 
 Ed Pantzer and Michael Lynne 
Sherry Cohen and Suzanne Ponsot 
 Zibby Right, Julie Smigel, Jen Harris, Cindy Mark, and Lisa Barr 
 Lisa Barr, Debbie Colaccino, and Pam Henes 
 Michael Lynne, Liz Robbins, and Roy Furman 
 Jason Pantzer, Dan Leibowitz, Jon Henes, and Michael Barr 
 Jason  and Jordan Pantzer 
 Laura Siegel, Jeffrey Siegel, and Tricia Pantzer 
 Robert Frost, Navah Perlman, Jeffrey Siegel, Laura Siegel, Tricia Pantzer, and Jason Pantzer 
 Allison Berg and Ashu Singh 
Weekend finale at Fitch's Corner.
Guests enjoy the 70th Street Garden at The Frick Collection's annual Garden Party.
 Kevin McDonald, Bill Ulfelder, Marissa McNaoughton, Chris Chapp, and Adam Starke
 Andrea Vizcarrondo, Paul Vizcarrondo, and Karen Hughes
 Justin Dent and Willow Lindley
 Ema Ricardi, Isabelle Ricardi, Jessica Kempner, and Charlotte Van Dercook
 Christina Santelli and Jonathan Santelli
 Sonal Aggarwal and Sunil Aggarwal
 Chris Chapp, Kim Raver, and Marissa  Mcnaughton
 Andrew Fulton and Casey Hurley
 Bill Ulfelder, Kim Raver, and Nancy Kelley
 Devin Alberda, Likolani Brown, Jared Angle, Abi Stafford, Amanda Hankes, Russell Janzen, Gretchen Smith, and Tom Gold
 Jared Angle, Devin Alberda, Abi Stafford, Gretchen Smith, Likolani Brown, and Amanda Hankes
 Gretchen Smith
 Abi Stafford and Jared Angle
 Dr. Colin Bailey, Alan Wintermute, Dr. Judy Sund, and Fred Hammerman
 Christine Groome and Dr. Donald Quest
 Dr. Kenneth Cohen, Chris Conway, Molly Hoyt, and Robert Aranowitz
 John Habich, Tom Gold, and Anne Bass
 April Gornik and Eric Fischl 
 Lisa  and Samantha Perry 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Debbie Bancroft 
 Alicia Longwell, Barbara Grodd, and Dorothea Rockburne 
 Jackie McKay and Jeff Burch 
 Meg Blackburn and Jenny Isakowitz 
 Liza Rand, Stewart Lane, and Bonnie Comley 
 Maria Veronica Leon and Lucia Vallarino 
 Conrad Clevlen 
 Whitney Fairchild and Alexandra Stanton 
 Lorena Bedoya, Jill Tauber, and Amanda Nortman 
 Jody Donohue and Scott Chiles 
 Brittany Weeden and Jared Abrams 
 Gracie Berkowitz and Ed Moses 
 Maureen Bash, Elisa Scott, and Colette Arredondo 
 John Christensen, Carolina Portago, and George Moringer 
 Suzanna Lee and Manish Vora 
 Leslie Brille and Mary Kathryn Navab 
 Scarlett Hinson and James Bell 
 Kyle DeWoody and Harry Dubin 
 Muriel Siebert and Mildrid Brinn 
 Stephanie Madison and Valentina Monte 
 Terrie and Donald Sultan 
 Bonnie Clearwater, Keith Pollock, and Nina Zagat 
 Allison Morrow, David Granville-Smith, and Elizabeth Granville-Smith 
 Jacques D'Amboise and Barbara Goldsmith 
 Frances Hayward, Patricia Birch, and Immi Storrs 
 Amanda and Glenn Fuhrman 
 Robin Cofer, Sara Herbert-Galloway, and Joy Marks 
 Gillian  and Sylvester Miniter 
 Larry Perse, Carrie Perse, Jill Tauber, and Larry Tauber 
 Alice Aycock and James Salomon 
 Christophe de Menil 
 Carlton and Beth Rudin DeWoody 
 Fiona and Eric Rudin 
 Andrea and Marc Glimcher 
A President’s Committee Reception in anticipation of the Southampton Hospital’s 54th annual Summer Party.
 Kristen Krusen, Jean Shafiroff, President Bob Chaloner, Nancy Stone, and Melanie Wambold 
 Jim Freeman, Laura Lofaro Freeman, Lisa Arnold, Michelle Lindsay, Mrs Evenson, and Gregory D'Elia 
 Melanie Wambold, Dr. Morrell Avram, Maria Avram, and Gregory D'Elia 
 Cindy Willis, Jon Cohen, and Allison Morrow 
The  Bridgehampton Community House
 Carole  and Fred Guest 
 Nancy Weber and Russell Steele 
 Freddy Hill and Virginia Dadey 
 Helena Barquet, Anna Van Munching, Brian Kasbar, and Caitlin Turner 
 Mika Sterling and Justin Concannon 
 Andrea Ackerman and Judith Giuliani 
 Richard Meier and Liz Derringer 
 Ultra Violet 
 Christopher Cuomo, Mario Cuomo, Cristina Greeven Cuomo, and Bella Cuomo 
 Ron Burkhardt and Cindy Farkas Glanzrock 
 Shelia O'Malley-Fuchs, Gregory D'Elia, and Christl Maszkit 
 Charlie Krusen, Lion Krusen, Blakesle Krusen, and Kristin Krusen 
 Kim  and Paula White 
 Pam Michaelcheck, Bill Michaelcheck, and Lucy Lamphere 
 Susan Butler and Courtney Parmenter 
 Zoe and David Ganek 
 Jane Ponterelli 
 Muriel Siebert 
 Grace Feagin, Chloe Fink, Gwenston Rossiter, and Caroline Johnston 
 Carole and Fred Guest 
 Diana DiMenna and Tiffany Moller 
 Anne Mahoney, Peggy Hill, Peggy Mahoney, and Aidan Minick 
 Dashell Hessler, Declan Hessler, and Maclean Hessler 
 Cindy Farkas, Ron Burkhardt, James Brickley, and Vessela Brickley 
 Dana Auslander, Jessica Lichcenscern, and Nancy Rabinowitz 
 Amy Palmer, Stephanie Hirsch, Dana Auslander, and Laura Henson 
 Voula Nikolopoulos, Rimma Doudinskaia, and Dr. Michael Clarjen 
 Hilary Rhoda and Nicole Trunfio 
 Laura Henson, Ted Sand, and Dini von Mueffling 
 Erin Cullison and Scott Lipps 
 Chris Wragge, Kelli Delaney, and Dr. Mark Kot 
 Sydney Sadick, Joann Jedell, and Amy Kamin 
 Avis Richards, Stephanie Hirsch, and Kelli Delaney 
 Glen Arbeitman, Shari Farber, Jodi Eisenberg, Julia Mazrodian, and David Descoteaux 
 Celine Kaplan, Amy Socazio, and Mark Addison 
 Erika Seff, Lori Levine, Mimi Brown, and Heather Feit 
 Jennifer Avrams and Hallie Lorch 
 Kyle McEneaney, Charlotte Ronson, Nico Mizrahi, and Jamie Schneider 
 Elyse Taylor, Eric Taylor, and Arielle Patrick 
 Mark Septembre and Anna Feo 
 Rob Schaffer and Dana Jones 
 Jared Fine, Amelia Nelson, Todd Gallagher, and Shany Ellenberg 
 Julib Zeff and Linda Benlevy 
 Shany Ellenberg and Amelia Nelson 
 Hilary Rhoda and Nicole Trunfio 
 Leigh Rosen and Jamie Schneider 
 Cognac Wellerlane 
 Ley Yoo 
 Dini von Mueffling and Peter Davis 
 Tessa Von Richthofen, Richard Johnson, Samantha Yanks, and David Yanks 
 Andrew Saffir and Daniel Benedict 
 Ben Pike, Eric Denataly, Wendy Hoffman, and Scott Celander 
 Alison Cronin and Sal Strazzullo 
 Coffee reception at the fourth annual “Early Birds & Bookworms,” to benefit the Jane Addams Senior Caucus in Chicago.
 Katie Tozer, Oscar Shamamian, Stephanie Loeffler, Evelyn Tompkins, Mark Ferguson, Bronson van Wyck, and Susan Henshaw Jones at Museum of the City of New York's annual Spring Lecture Symposium and Luncheon.
 Evelyn Tompkins, Whit Stillman, and Caroline Dean 
 Tracy Dart and Frederica Biggs 
 Alexia Fernandez and Gloria Fieldcamp 
 Barbara McLaughlin and Christina deForest Keys 
 Barbara Regna and Katie Tozer 
 Blair Husain and Courtney Moss 
 Celerie Kemble and Bronson van Wyck 
 Cindy Ketchum and Elizabeth Belfer 
 Anne Gray and Clay Tompkins 
 Elbrun Kimmelman and Cetie Ames 
 Gigi Mortimer, Nina Junot, and Libby Fitzgerald 
 Helen Houghton and Julia Gray 
 Emily Eerdmans and Maureen Footer 
 Kim Dryer and Judith Guest 
 Liz McCreery, Evelyn Tompkins, and Tara Rockefeller 
 Maria Villalba and Ashley McDermott 
 Paige Hardy and Julie Miller 
 Pam Owens and Amelia Junquieria 
 Rachel Hovnanian and Kathy Prounis 
 Shafi Roepers, Mark Gilbertson, and Carol Mack 
 Stephanie Clark, Christopher Mason, and Martha Glass 
 Susan Henshaw Jones (standing), and Deborah Boillot 
 Susan Wallace and Tracey Ponterelli 
 Valeria Mogul and Ide Dangoors 
 Victoria Greenleaf and Pat Attoe 
 Dr. Ruth Finkelstein and Councilmember Jessica Lappin 
 Dr. Jo Ivey Boufford, William Steadman, and Dr. Lisa Baker 
 Steve Rabinowitz and Commissioner Katherine Oliver 
 Dr. Lori Klein and Kyle Barich 
 Dr. Nirav R. Shah, Dr. Jo Ivey Boufford, and Dr. Jacob Kumaresan 
 Dr. Lori Klein, Kyle Barich, and Tom Harrison 
 Mike Doyle, Lorraine Thelian, Nicole Bouknight Johnson, and Julie Armour 
 Jeffrey Rose and Dr. Jacob Kumaresan 
 Dr. Terry Fulmer, Dr. Nariv R. Shah, and Nidhi Shah 
 Linda Seligman and  Norman Haffner 
 Noelle Fankhauser, Michelle Dionne, and Jenyne Engelhardt 
 Co-chair Elizabeth Ryan with Charlotte and Alexandra Ryan 
 Sophie Bross with her Dolly Geary
 Joffrey Women’s Board President Melissa Babcock with Lunch Chairs  Elizabeth Ryan and Sophie Bross 
 Ann Waters and Maureen Smith 
 Joffrey staff in Joffrey Scarves (inspired by Pablo Picasso's original design from the ballet Parade, premiered by The Joffrey in 1973)
 Andrea Garber and Eileen Murphy 
 Shauna Montgomery, Shelley Farley, and Rebecca Besser 
 Tracy Mansur and Larisa Kronfeld 
 Miriam Villanueva, Evelyn Jones, Samantha Lamont, and Maria Dean 
 Katrina Smith and Cynthia Davis 
 The entrance to the Central Park Zoo 
 TFH President Sean Granahan 
 TFH Board Members Maude Askin, Carol Jackson, and Evelyn Lord 
 John Granahan and Lauren Dibileo 
 TFH Board Member and Party Co-Host, Ed Prager 
 Patsy Yanchik and Kathleen Quinn 
 Shani and Wakim Andre 
 Rosalba Del Vecchio and Robert Brittis 
 Ernie Swain, Sarajane Brittis, and Tom Della Corte 
 Julian Del Vecchio, Dede Adolph, Perry Brittis, and Geri Corrigan 
 Terri Barnes and Anthony L. Brittis 
 Shelley Grant Hauptman and Joy Simpkins 
 Patricia K. Zendel 
 Marianna Brittis, Dede Adolph, and Annie Levy 
 Nina Aledort, TFH Board Chairman Anthony Brownie, Sarajane Brittis, Terri Barnes, and Joy Simpkins 
 Michael Collins and Josh Lamberg 
 Icelini Garcia-Sosa, Daniel Zendel, Robert Brittis, Geri Corrigan, Patricia Zendel, Rosalba Del Vecchio, and Julian Del Vecchio 
 United Nations Federal Credit Union Volunteers: Floyd Crumpton, Nicole Homa, James Fenimore, and Teresa Collins 
 Sarajane Brittis with TFH's Chief Financial Officer Stiles Nyerere 
 Jim Freeman, Laura Loforo Freeman, Carola Jain, and Bob Jain 
 Jeff Loewy, NancyJane Leowy, Riay Knight, and Cliff Knight 
 Nancy Stone, Laura Loforo Freeman, Martin Stone, and Jean FitzSimmons 
 Jean FitzSimmons, Bob Chaloner, and Laura Loforo Freeman 
 Jean FitzSimmons, Andrea Douzet, and Kristen Krusen 
 Ali  and John Hubbell 
 Eric and Sandra Rippert with Maureen Klinsky 
 Sue Devitt, Carola Jain, Alina Cho, and Eric Ripert 
 Bill Dye, Jim Freeman, Maureen Klinsky, and Steven Klinsky 
 Laura Nicklas and Soraya Whelton 
 Jean Shafiroff and Nancy Stone 
 Scott and Michelle Lindsay 
 Kelly Klein and Nick Manifold 
 Woody Allen and Soon-Yi Previn 
 Keith Lieberthal and Julianna Margulies 
 Woody Allen, Jon Hamm, and Jennifer Westfeldt 
 Katy Schell 
 Moby 
 Carol Alt 
 John DeStefano, Kathrine Neal, Sam Schefer, and David Lipke 
 Charlotte Ronson and Ali Wise 
 Nick Rhodes and Greta Gerwig 
 China Chow, Samantha Mathis, and Cynthia Rowley 
 Carol Lyden, Dr. John Lyden, and Jennifer Lyden 
 David Wilson and Meredith Vieira 
 Dr. Earnest Sink, Paula Sink, Dr. Thomas Sculco, Dr. Jane Salmon, and Dr. Jerry Gilklich 
 Dr. Hollis Potter, Dr. Russell Warren, Laurie Warren, and Dr. William Potter 
 Dr. Mary Crow and Patricia Warner 
 Dr. Mayman and Alana Mayman 
 Dr. Patrick O'Leary, Katie O'Leary, Christine O'Leary, and Suzanne O'Leary 
 Dr. Thomas Sculco and Nobel Prize Winner Torsten N. Wiesel 
 Elizabeth Medbala and Danielle Edwards 
 Former Mayor David Dinkins and wife Joyce Dinkins 
 Katherine Carpenter, David McCallum, and Emilia Saint-Amand 
 Louis Shapiro, Ronnie Barnes, and Dr. David Helfet 
 Meredith Vieira and Louis Shapiro 
 Paula and Dr. Leon Root 
 Richard and Clara Serra 
 Ronnie Barnes, David Wilson, and Dr. Russell Warren 
 Sandra and Aldo Papone 
 Shelly and George Lazarus 
 Susan and Elihu Rose with Anne and Dr. David Altchek 
 William Weldon, Meredith Vieira, and Dean O'Hare 
 Dr. Michael Brescia, Bishop Manuel A. Cruz, Terence Gallagher, Thomas Ferrara, and John A. Decina 
 Frank Calamari, Frank D'Amelio, Roger Golub, and Steven J. Golub 
 Claire and Carlos Hernandez 
 Thomas J. Fahey, Jr., M.D. and Eleanor Fahey 
 John R. Gambling 
 Frank Calamari and Ed Gilligan 
 Steven J. Golub, Ed Gilligan, and Louise Parent 
Rebecca Bond and Jennifer Ringelstein
Tamara Tunie and Margaret Russell
Peter Hallock and Jeff Pfeifle
Steven Horn and TR Pescod
Debbie Bancroft, Aviva Drescher, and Tiffany Dubin
Musician Myles "Mojo" Mancuso and Christine
Auctioneer Barry Blaustein
Emily Wilson and Olivia Colson
Kathryn Wilkening
Annette and Drew Pizzo
 Brandon Yankowitz and Veronica De La Cruz 
Jason Solarek, Martin Cody, and Angel Reed
Calista Quintalti and Courtney Nebons
 Jhasvinder Khaira and Veronica De La Cruz 
Richard Lui and Nikhil Khetarpal
  Alex Mailman
Eddie Yedid and Christie Galasso
Dr. Allen Towfigh and friend
 Mario Ruiz and Kim Lee 
 Lori Goldberg, Lisa Singer, Wendy Diamond, and Calista Quintalti 
Yoke Tan 
K. Cooper Ray signing away
Tracey Bross, K. Cooper Ray, and Fern Mallis
Montgomery Frasier and Anita Sarko
Jack Lynch and  Roy Kean
Christopher Mason and K. Cooper Ray
 Mark Borthwick and Maria Cornejo 
 Christian Simonds, Gillian Hearst, Scott Buccheit, and Naeem Delbridge 
 Jeanne Keating 
 Erwin Gonzalez, Carla Ruben, and Preston Bailey 
 Malcolm and Cathy Price 
 Raleigh Leahy, David Cranston, Lauren Cranston, and Melissa Hawks 
 Rachel Heller 
 Kate Loscalvo, Britain Muhl, Jesse Mckallap 
 Nancy Kuhn and Bernard Nussbaum 
 Cynthia Reich and Nicole Robinson 
 Sasha Feldman, Zack Pasanen, and Danielle Roever 
 Patty Calabrese and Ann Hunterberg 
 Jamie Dahill and Samantha Andriano 
 Lauren Powell and Ted Gushue 
 Taryn Talmadge and Grace Kelly 
 Steven Loessler and Savannah Engel 
 Scott Buccheit, Gillian Hearst Simonds, and Adam Robison 
 Anna Schkolnikov and Naeem Delbridge 
 Reed and Suzanna Simonds 
 Lorenzo Borghese and Tinsley Mortimer 
 John Wambold Jr., George Wambold, Melanie Wambold, and John Wambold 
 Nicole Phelps, Alexa Brazilian, and Anne Slowey 
 Jennifer Gould Keil 
 Jean Shafiroff, Lorna Livingston, and Jamie Figg 
 Sydney Wasserman 
 Marina Thompson, Jeffrey Thompson, Claudia Thompson, David Cummins, and Andrienne Nolan 
 Sylvester Miniter, Margo Langenberg, and Hunt Slonem 
 Andrew Lucre 
 Elizabeth Brown, Sam Dangremond, and Carola Lovering 
 Carson Sieving 
 Monika Lesniak, Cari Smith, Melissa Pesce, and Melanie Lazenby 
 William Sinclair and Justin Korsang 
 Stephanie Wong 
 Eliza Wilkenson, Olivia Dong, and Annie Warren 
 Brett Finkelstein and Tyler Gaffney 
 Billy Kreitsek Jr. Brendon Mahar, Candace diConza, and Loren Cole 
 Matthew Brag and Sara Engle 
 T. Valentine and Elizabeth Durkee 
 Elouise Frishchkorn and Emily Hanna 
 Catherine Grinfell, Larry Haertel, and Pfeifer Marley 
 Eric Lowrey and Cynthia Loh 
 Lizzy Edelman and Emily Holmes 
 Christine Paras 
 John Brandis, Jacqueline Kenook, and Christian Russell 
 Peter Burns and Grace Kelly 
 DJ Cassidy and Micah Jesse 
 Jackie Bland and Maggie Taplett 
 Jeser Lannung 
 Drummond Rice, Elizabeth Kern, Kylie Gattinella, and Alex van Hoek 
 Michael Allwin and Lilly Galef 
 Amanda Starbuck and Alex Mejia 
Members of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, INC. New York Alumnae Chapter Dr. Betty Shabazz Delta Academy.
Voza Rivers of Harlem Arts Alliance
Amy Wu, David Silverman, Chris Swinney, and Kristin Welton – Storefront Young Professionals Committee Members
Kim George, Blue Michel, Darryl T. Downing, and Sharon Morris – Harlem Arts Alliance
George Grumbach, Antoinia Grumbach, Cornelia McDougald, and Michael Williams, Storefront Assistant Head of School
Teneka Hardy, James Amodeo, Arlita Bascome-McCook, and Mel Chan
Sydney and Jermaine Perry of Sydney's Sweets
Storefront Parent Bridget Vicente
Peter Tanico, Maria Vecchiotti, and Dani Tanico
David Black, Anne Rivers, Michael Stubbs, and Bob Rylee
Reverend Michael Lindvall of Brick Presbyterian Church, Terri Lindvall and Brick Presbyterian Church parishioners 
Will Platt and Jennifer Trian
Steve and Andrea Logan
Alton Murray and Melanie Chow
Matt Singleton and Josh Weaver
John Murphy and Cassandra Kohilakis
Madlen Massarlian and guests
Stephanie Gallardo, Julieanne Alonzo, and Katelyn Platz
Betty Chen, Annie Chang, Dorothy Walter, Gabe Rincon, Aimee Rincon, Anca Tohaneanu, and Nathan Saperia
Wendy Golder, Autumn Nowlin, Kelly Keelan, Melissa Dodson, Sam Corenzwit, and Ross Koller
Ken Rozanksy and Alice Higgins
Chad Kopp, Caroline Taggart, Jessica French, Elizabeth Morency, and Robert Guarino, Jr.
Priscila Roney, Omer Corluhan, Cristiane de Oliveira, Nachiketa Rao, Joe Amann, Julian Harper, Jonathan Tanenbaum
Brenda Wu and Linda Ma
Dorothy Walter
Caroline McAuliffe
 Stewart Lane and Bonnie Comley 
 Cynthia Nixon 
 Heather Hitchen 
 Manny Azenberg 
 Constantine James Maroulis 
 Mary Yeager and John Lithgow 
 Ricky Martin 
 James Corden 
 Audra McDonald 
 David Bryan 
 Ellen Barkin 
 Laura Osnes 
 Ben Vereen 
Jamie Niven, Jeff Arononwitz, Avi Kremer, Tammy Beltle, Bernard Ehmer and Greg Plowman
Benny Prizan, Guy Yamen, Jan Hammond, and Peter Coy
Leonard Tow, Avi Kremer, and Tom Maniatis
John Frates, Nancy Frates, Peter Frates, Julie Kowalik, Andrew Frates, and Maggie Thorne
Jamie Niven and Rachel Von Roeschlaub
Melanie Leitner, Tom Maniatis, and Rebecca Dalton
Amy Jenkins, Jan Hammond, and Cynthia Mazareas
Darcy Cottrell, Christina Cotrell, Lisa Green, and John Saroff
Elizabeth Snow and Dr. Robert Grant
 Anna Safir, Ava, and Eleanora A. Kennedy 
 Anne Harrison, Adelina Wong, and Mariska Hargitay 
 Megan del Valle and Cisco del Valle 
 Karen LeFrak, Ivan LeFrak, and Gillian Miniter 
 Adelina Wong, Gabriel Fodor, Clarita Fodor, Kimberly Thurston, Arthur Wayne, Yesim Philip, and Nyssa Kourakos 
 Nina Garcia 
 Jenny Price 
 Mariska Hargitay 
 Kamie Lightburn and Sheri Babbio 
 Peter Hermann and Mariska Hargitay 
 Honoree Liz Atwood with  grandson Thomas Robinson
Karen Bromley and Sarah Raines
 John Schumacher and Barbara Cirkva-Schumacher 
 Cathy and Peter Morrell 
 Hugh and Helene Tilney 
 Bill  and Sarah Clark 
 Jay Diamond and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Lydia and Mats Carlston 
 Monika  and Matthew McLennan 
 Damon Brandt and Nancy Boaz 
 Emilio  and Esmeralda Pedroni Spinola 
 Margaret Douglas-Hamilton and Michael Lonergan 
 Angela Dotson and John Maitino 
 Celso Gonzalez-Falla and Sondra Gilman 
 Lee  and Jane Gammill 
 Elizabeth Stribling and Guy Robinson 
 Dr. Howard Fillit and Jeannie Pearman 
 Cynthia  and Michael McClintock 
 Anthony DeGrezia and Yvonne Najor 
 Philip and Carol Mehler 
 Richard and Suzanne Clary 
 Tina Chai and Gretchen Gunlocke Fenton 
 Jessica Balboni, Joseph Cosgriff, and Joan Steere 
 Monica Siskind 
 Steven Horsch, Barbara Robinson, Robert Douglas, and Linda Douglas 
 Ronald Riqueros, Marianna Nolan, and Philip Berg 
 Ashley Baker, Sylvester Miniter, and Laura Zeckendorf 
 Philip Toub and Hillary McAtee 
 Marianne and Robert Engle 
 Tina Chai, Joann Pailey, and Nancy Walsh 
 Danielle Hirsch and Davin Staats 
 Colin McCabe, Lisa Blau, and Chris Kojima 
 Arie Kopelman, Barbara Cirkva-Schumacher, and Bronson van Wyck 
 Diana Revson and Jeff Jennings 
 Eliot Nolan 
 Maureen Chilton, John Wainwright, and Candy Wainwright 
 Minalie Chen Hsieh and Leslie Burgstahler 
 Ann Grauso, Alexandra Lind Rose, and Tamara Mellon 
 Monica Fiskind, Kimberly Putzer, Melissa Lis, and Heller Moses 
 Alicia Peristeris, Heather Lee, and Suzanne Scudier-Feldman 
 Lydia Carlston and Mats Carlston 
 Hamilton Kean, Susan Johnson, and Henry Johnson 
 Sophie Pera, Maria Escovar, and Rickie Desole 
 Kimberly Putzer and Heller Moses 
 Monica Fiskind and Melissa Lis 
 Peggy Siegal, Deborah Norville, and Coco Kopelman 
 Lee and CeCe Black 
 Eric Javits and Edmundo Huerta 
 George and Sheila Stephenson 
 Karla Martinez and Brett Heyman 
 Sam Metzger and Caroline Geerlings 
 Joseph Cosgriff and Jessica Balboni 
 Rickie Tesole and Karla Martinez 
 Amanda Tapiero 
 Donald and Barbara Tober 
 Fe Fendi and Alessandro Fendi 
 Sylvia and Albert Safer
 Sarah and Derek Irby 
 Grace and Chris Meigher 
 Patrick Condren and Sharon Bush 
 Calvert and George Moore 
 Charlie and Sara Ayres with Lesley and David Schulhof 
 Vicky Ward and Caryn Zucker 
 Leslie Stevens, Walter Deane, and Julie Dannenberg 
 Caroline Fare and Eric Villency 
 Melissa and Chappy Morris 
Webb Egerton and Martha Glass
Barbara Cates, Tom McCarter, and Margo Langenberg
 Peter van Ingen and Patricia Duff 
Kathy and Othon Prounis
Andrew and Jill Roosevelt
Gregory and Annabelle Fowlkes
Michael Cominotto and Bettina Zilkha
Geoffrey Bradfield, Lynne Westcott, and Roric Tobin
Cindy Ketchum and Katie Tozer
Simone Mailman, Larry Creel, and Betsy Pitts
Jill Roosevelt and George Farias
Allison and Peter Rockefeller with Anne Colley
Kamie Lightburn with Ted and Julia Weld
Somers Farkas and Randy Kemper
Alexia Hamm Ryan, Wendy Carduner, and Kamie Lightburn
Christopher and Grace Meigher
Jennifer Creel, Alexia Hamm Ryan, and Ashley McDermott
Wright and Valerie Ohstrom
Valesca Guerrand Hermes, Frederick Anderson, and Rachel Hovnanian
Louis and Alex Rose
 Linette Semino, Matt Semino, and Lisa Lori 
 Marc Lewinstein, Dawne Marie Grannum, Sabrina Martin, and Simon Gerson 
 Maureen Nash, Emily Meyer, and Eliza Scott 
 Stephen Forrester and Mary Pulido 
 Caitlin Brinkman Stephanie Kocur, and Justine Santaniello 
 Dr Penny Grant, Victor de Souza, Kathleen Giordano, and Joy Marks 
 Tatiana and Thorne Perkin 
 Anne Truong, Rachel Koser, Jeremy Frankel, and Maria Pruss 
 Greg Holzmann and Kerry O'Day 
 Jason Wu, Frank Letini, Christopher Elezaj, and Frank Sommerfield 
 Charles Warren, Alexandra Papanicolaou, Bill Kelly, Kara Gerson, and Simon Gerson 
 Alexis Blais, Kelly Scholtz, and Joanna Scholtz 
 Debra and Gregg Wasser 
 Louise Jones 
 Linda Mason and David Dumas 
 Jeff and Kim Arsenault 
 Vincent du Vigneaud, Linda Argila,and Aubrey Featherstone 
 Randall Brockett and Chesarina Ferro 
 Dominick D'Alleva and Robin Coffer 
 Barbara Tober, Chris Meigher, and Meera Gandhi 
 Randy and Charles Fisher 
 Cassandra Seidenfeld and Maggie Norris 
 Pedro Castillo, Barbara Tober, and Margaret Castillo 
 Ambassador Shariar Gianfranco Rahimi, and Owen Liu 
 Somers Farkas and Barbara Tober 
 Richard Turley, Chau-Giang Thi Nguyen, and Vivek Mather 
 Lauren Bush Lauren and Gary Knell 
 Sarabeth Spitzer, Silda Wall Spitzer, Jenna Spitzer, and Alyssa Spitzer 
 Kate Norley, John Oliver, and Concetta Bencivenga 
 Stephen Lang, Kevin Arquit, and Lucy Jane Lang 
 Lauren Bush Lauren, David Lauren, and Silda Wall Spitzer 
 Lauren Bush Lauren, David Lauren, and Sharon Bush 
 John Hays, Nuni Montaigne, Sonia Sackner-Bernstein 
 Kevin Arquit 
 Stephen Lang 
 Jean Shafiroff, Lindsey Spielfogel, Elizabeth Shafiroff, and Betsy Spielfogel 
 Cari Matz and Robin Cofer 
 Alexandra, Tardio-Joseph,and Lindsey Spielfogel 
 Rose Dios and Liz Derringer 
 Amy Thind, Jessica Gray, and Ashley Smyth 
 Anne and Andrew Colosimo 
 Sacha Bale and Morgan Bale 
 Danielle Thorsen, Lacary Sharpe, and Katie Newman 
 Alexis Maybank, Alexandra Lebenthal, and Alexandra Wilkis Wilson 
 Jessica Stark an dClaudia Lebenthal 
 Jay Diamond, Yaz Hernandez, and Valentin Hernandez Jr. 
 Bobbi Brown and Alexis Maybank 
 Edmundo Huerta, Asni Bernard, and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Ashley Baker 
 Jaime Jimenez and Kipton Cronkite 
 Syncia Sabin and Matthew Turke 
 Melinda Bacon and Kimberly Bellinger 
 Eleanor Grinshtein and Jess London 
 DJ Kiss 
 Daniela Maerky and Kristin Conrad 
 Kristina Capron, Tora Matsuoka, and Nataly Zaldana 
 Nia Espinao and Christine Diaz 
 Anne Nordeman, Samantha Boardman Rosen, and Lauren Santo Domingo 
 Bunny Williams, Kate Spade, and Jennifer Price 
 Amanda Urban and Leslie Vosshall 
 Corinne Greenberg 
 Cynthia Sculco and Katerina Alevizaki-Dracopoulos 
 Danielle Ganek and Sarah Senbahar 
 Deeda Blair 
 Jane Friedman and Andi Bernstein 
 Jennifer Stockman, Debra Black,  and Carol Saper 
 Judy Berkowitz 
 Kuni Suzuki Schmertzler and Alexia Hamm Ryan 
 Marnie Pillsbury 
 Noreen Buckfire and Helen Bonebrake 
 Olivia Flatto 
 Pascaline Servan-Schreiber and Kayce Freed Jennings 
 Samantha Boardman Rosen and Agnes Gund 
 Peggy Noonan, Henry Kissinger,  and KT McFarland 
 Stanley and Sydney Shuman 
 Shafi Roepers and Jacqueline Sackler 
 Susan Hess and Deeda Blair 
Christine Bernstein and Carl Bernstein
Jacques Azoulay, Countess LuAnn de Lesseps, Aviva Drescher, and Reid Drescher
Jeff Pfeifle and Rob Colburn
Darren Starr and Lee Mendell
Taylor Dayne and Countess LuAnn de Lesseps
Rob Colburn and Averitt Buttry
 J. Frank Brown, Michael Wilkinson, and Susan Brown 
 Martin Garbus and Anton Botha 
 Fred Nazem and Susie Gharib 
 Akbar Lari and Sedi Flugelman 
 Robert Gibney and Co-Chair, Neil Masterson 
 David and Joan Steinberg 
 Deborah Clifford, Executive Director,  and Philippe Lalliot, Consul General from France 
 Emily Altman and Stephen McAnearney 
 Former One To World Executive Directors: Jan Bronson, Judy Factor, Stacey Simon, and Tracy Snyder 
 Co-Chairs: Wenke Thoman Sterns and Gary and Karen Mueller 
 Jacob Haar and Rose Kiwanuka 
 James Carter and Theresa Havell 
 Rana Al-Hammadi, Jane Bush, and Thomas Schutte 
 Rachel Botchan and Mia Barron 
 Robert and Giselle Lapiner 
 Roni Elchalal, Meredith Oppenheim, and Mauro Bonuglio 
 Tara Pizzola and Erik Laney 
 Tables set-up outside the restored barn
 On  the patio 
 Alyssa Aguilera, Clotilde Dedecker, Maylan Dong, and Alicai Duque 
 Barbara Olton (President of the Retreat), James Lipton, and Kedakai Lipton 
 Bob and Randi Tabor 
 Dan Rizzie, Joan Hornig, and Richard D'Amato 
 Alexis Dechimay and Dan Rizzie 
 Dawn Watson, George Hornig, and Assemblyman Fred W. Thiele 
 Diana C. Zollicoffer and Clayton Calvert 
 Eileen Ekstract, Ann Chwatsky, Joan Listro, and Marie Rothschild 
 George Hornig and Dan Rizzie 
 Guests mingling 
 Helen Lucas-Liftig and Barbara Shapiro 
 Honorees Dan Rizzie  and Joan Hornig 
 James Lipton and Dan Rizzie 
 Jane Preyser and Clotilde Dedecker 
 Jennifer Freedman, Jeffrey Friedman, Nina Gilman, and Elena Glinn 
 Karen Williams, Julia Hornig, and Bob Schwartz 
 Steve Reiss, Mary Mattingly, and Cynthia Griffin 
 Selection of refreshments 
 Some of the many designer auction items 
 Jennifer and Russell Stern 
 William Konecky, David Barovick, and Joan Barovick 
 Dr. Timothy Pedley and Mrs. Pedley 
 Rhea Grous, Margo Catsimatidis, Bill Grous, and Mary Sliwa 
 Charlotte Fahn and Dr. Stanley Fahn 
 Hope Greenfield, Lisa Mueller, and Jeremy Travis 
 Pascal Rioult 
 Jere Hunt, Jane Sato, Brian Flynn, Marianna Tsartolia, Josiah Guitian, Charis Haines, Michael Phillips, and Sara Seger 
 Nancy Lushington and Lynn Frielinghaus 
 Robert Kahn, Thomas Lutazi, and Robert Lewis 
 Charles Baker and Jennifer Freeman 
 Keith Pattiz and Jill Scheur 
 Hope Greenfield, Brian Flynn, and Joan Tower 
 David Sheehan and MikeLynn Salthouse 
 Josiah Guitian, Jane Sato, Marianne Coughlin, and Bob Davis 
 Richard Kahn, Robin Shafran, Charles Shafran, Stacy Soroczynski, Harsha Murthy, and Kelly Garnes 
 Brian Saltzman and Lynn Frielinghaus 
 Michael Phillips and Ben Rodriguez 
 Gloria Appel and Lordena Costantino 
 Stacy Soroczynski, Joyce Herring, John Epperson, and Terry Rieser 
 Seated:  Neil McKelvie, Robin Green, Sandy Esserman, Wendy Erb
            Standing:  James Sinclair, Mara Waldman, Charis Haines, Daisy Sinclair, Dale Martellino, and Paul Martellino 
 Honorees David Driskell, Robert Storr, and Sharon Sprung 
 President of the National Academy Bruce Fowle,  Ellen Limon, Board Member Barbara Grossman, and Director of the National Academy Carmine Branagan 
 Will Barnet,  Rhoda Sherbell, and Elena Barnet 
 Honoree David Driskell  and his wife Thelma Driskell 
 Maggie Boepple, Willard Boepple, and Wolf Kahn
 Board Member John Moore
 Mary Lucier, Board Member Robert Berlind,  and Gala Co-Chair Betsy Lawrence 
 Janet Rodriguez, Shelia Atchinson, Honoree David Driskell Thelma Driskell, and Dr. Camille Cosby 
 Blair Resika, Paul Resika, and Elena Barnet 
 Board Member Robert Berlind,  Mary Lucier, Nigel Dawn, and Corina Larkin 
 Honoree David Driskell and Will Barnet
 Bobba Paul, Amanda Grove Holmén, and Robert Holmén 
 Beatrice Stern 
 Cetie Ames, David Lewis, and Honoree Robert Storr 
 Chair of the National Academy Board David Kapp
 Award presenter Martin E. Segal 
 Award presenter Dr. Camille Cosby 
 Back row:  Willard Boepple,  Carmine Branagan, Stephen Vogel.  Foreground: Laurie Vogel and Walter Chatham 
 William Astwood and Honoree Sharon Sprung 
 Veronica Bulgari, Carnegie Hall Executive and Artistic Director Clive Gillinson, Ilaria Bulgari, Carnegie Hall Trustee Nicola Bulgari, Grazia Raimondi, and conductor Luigi Piovano with Ensemble díArchi Fenaroli at   Carnegie Hall Notables' Eighth Annual Notable Occasion
 Lizzie Tisch and Amy Fine Collins 
 Mark Ackermann and Kris Jenner 
 Jonathan Tisch, Lizzie Tisch, and Mark Ackermann 
 Lorry Newhouse 
 Bettina Zilkha 
 Jean Shafiroff and Mark Ackermann 
 Rosanna Scotto and Rick Friedberg 
 Margaret Russell and Somers Farkas 
 Dennis Basso, Caroline Dean, and Jonathan Tisch 
 Suzanne Mados and Kevin Marshall 
 Sharon Handler Loeb and Amy Fine Collins 
 YungHee Kim and Angela Ho 
 Mark Gilbertson and Tiffany Dubin 
 Carolyne Roehm and Jay McInerney 
 Violinist Grazia Raimondi with Ensemble díArchi Fenaroli
            in a private performance for the Notables 
 Carnegie Hall Executive and Artistic Director Clive Gillinson, Veronica Bulgari, Ilaria Bulgari, and Carnegie Hall Trustee Nicola Bulgari 
 Alexis Minasian and Jonathan Potter 
 Max Jones 
 Heather Strekal and Danny McHatton 
 Francine OíKeeffe, Matt Quam, Adriana Herrera, and Katina Scott 
 Cindy Chin and friend
 Carnegie Hall Director of Development Susan Brady with Colin Touhey and Carolyn Wolcott 
 Clive Gillinson and Nicola Bulgari 
 Genghis Barbie serenades guests at Remi 
 Sima Schloss, Tina Tang, and friends
 Lee Hallman, Brooks Thomas, James G. Brooks Jr., and Anna Lemanski 
 Luke Gay, Cecily and Joel Denny, and Mary Wible Vertin 
 Matt and Linette Semino 
 Alheli Alvarado and Ayano Maehara 
 Cookie River at Remi 
 Mali Lipscher, Carla Schirm, Jessica Stepman, Jeff McCall, Luisa Mendoza-Chavez, Alicia Kong, Jackie Burgos, and Natasha Ghatak 
 Luisa Menzoda-Chavez, JD Hoye, Ursula Burns, and Linda Huber
 Jackie Burgos, Sandy Weill, and Luisa Mendoza-Chavez 
 Bob Benmosche, Sandy Weill,  and Jim Robinson
 JD Hoye with Carrie and David Marriott 
 Lisa Dughi, Eugene Ludwig, Maura Dughi, and Bob Dughi 
 Michelle Dutton, Rose Kirk, and Brianna Dutton
 Lisa Dughi, Bob Dughi, Maura Dughi, and Alan Tuck
 Roger Klatt, Lowell McAdam, Barbara Converso, and Gordon Kenyon
 Serge Tisman and Ida Liu
 Joan Weill, JD Hoye, Jim Robinson, and Sandy Weill 
 Joan Weill, Lang Lang, and Sandy Weill 
 AMC's 2012 Living Legend Blueberry the Chihuaha 
 Eli Hoffman, Nancy Kissinger, Event Co-Chair Barbara Hoffman, Janet York, and Priscilla Snyder 
 Jeanne Siegel and event Co-Chair Marilyn Sorenson 
 Bluberry seeing his favorite vet, Dr. Gehrke 
 Dr. Chad West with event Co-Chair- Barbara Hoffman 
 Rosetta Bruni, Bluberry, Dr. JP McCue, Dr. Chad West, Dr. Josh Gehrke, Katherine Scharhon, Danielle Morgan, Ruby, CEO Kate Coyne, and Dr. Bronwyn Riggs 
 Robert Liberman and Alex Goelet
 Heather Braverman, Abbey Braverman, Julia Braverman, Zachary Wolkoff, Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, Alexi Wolkoff, Tyler Wolkoff, Roxanne Palin, and Amanda Palin 
 Kelly  and Mia Sacks 
 Lawrence Rosenbloom, Gabby Rosenbloom, and Melissa Rosenbloom 
 Paula Patrice and Helen Jaffe 
 Roxanne and Dean Palin 
 Liana Silverstein-Backal and Arthur Backal 
 Steven and Abbey Braverman 
 Malaak Compton-Rock, Lori Stokes, Sharyn Mann, and Erica Reid 
 Mary Jane Marchisotto and Denise Bunning 
 Julie Leff, Deguan Stroud, and Jennifer Bruynesteyn 
 Dr. Hugh Sampson 
 Agnes Jacobs and Julie Menin 
 Jessica Stam 
 Tamron Hall 
 Cristen and Nigel Barker 
 Fe Fendi 
 Johnny Weir and Victor Voronov 
 Tallulah Dash and Rachel Roy 
 Donna D'Cruz 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Susan Fales-Hill, David Patrick Columbia, and Jilly Stephens 
 Justin Terzi, Gillian Miniter, and Ross Meltzer 
 Anna Saffir and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Jacqueline Weld-Drake and Jamee Gregory 
 Edmundo Huerta and Margo Langenberg 
 Bettina Zilkha 
 Saranda Anderson, Peter Lyden, and Susan Fales-Hill 
 Kate Debold, Denise Morgenthaler, and Saranda Anderson 
 The Plaza Grand Ballroom, décor by Gala Honoree and OSL Board Member David Monn 
 Orchestra of St. Luke's led by OSL Principal Conductor Pablo Heras-Casado in an All-Mozart Program 
 Orchestra of St. Luke's with Bass-Baritone Eric Owens 
 Honorees: OSL Board Member David Monn, OSL Board Member Josie Cruz Natori, OSL Board Member Georgia Frasch, and Ronald Frasch
 Joan Davidson, OSL Co-Founder and President Emeritus Marianne C. Lockwood 
 Gala Co-Chair Kenneth C. Natori, Anika Natori, Edward Cardinal Egan, Gala Honoree and OSL Board Member Josie Cruz Natori, and Ken Natori 
 Gala Co-Chair Lisa Plepler, Gala Honoree and OSL Board Member David Monn, and Gala Co-Chair Alice Tisch 
 Gala Honoree and OSL Board Member Georgia Frasch, Gala Host and Honorary Chair Paula Zahn, OSL Principal Conductor Pablo Heras-Casado, and Honoree and OSL Board Member Josie Cruz Natori 
 Gala Co-Chair Pamela Baxter and Jason Binn 
 Gala Honoree and OSL Board Member Georgia Frasch and Gala Honoree Ronald Frasch receiving the Gift of Music Award from Gala Host and Honorary Chair Paula Zahn 
 Gayfryd Steinberg, Kathryn Steinberg, Gala Honoree and OSL Board Member David Monn, and Gala Co-Chair Alice Tisch 
 Ronald and Linda Anderson, Charles Seidler, OSL Board Member Janet Seidler, Elaine Ward 
 Diana DiMenna and OSL Board Member Joe DiMenna 
 Calvin Tsao, David Leung, Vivienne Tam, Vicki Ross, and Zack McKown 
Doubles celebrated its 36th Anniversary.
 Toby Perlman 
 Musicians 
 Patrick Romano, Tomoko Fujita, and Adam Meyer 
 Itzhak Perlman, Paul Gridley, and Robert Keeney 
 Robert Siegel and David Sadroff 
 Stan Horowitz and Morgan Stark 
 Helen and Murray Charash 
 Jennifer Martin Pinkos, Maritess Lillen, Rachel Horowitz, Sun Sun De Swaan, and Sidney Stark 
 Guests at Daniel 
 Pam and Ed Pantzer 
 Chiara and James Mail 
 Hannele and Michael Troise 
 Gary Fuhrman, Toby Perlman, and Morgan Stark 
 Toby Perlman and musicians 
 National Arts Club 
 Volunteers with rescue dogs
 Blaine Caravaggi and David Zyla
 Samantha Boivin, Michelle Young, and Carol Moniz 
 Kevin de l'Aigle and Susan Becker 
 Kevin de l'Aigle, Danielle Colanto, and Robert Aronowitz 
 The silent auction 
 Maria Milito and Grace Forster 
 Miranda Reinfeldt, Mei Mei, Carlene Mahanna, and Sophia Rubenstein 
 Volunteer with rescue dog 
 Lisa Alexander, Tamar Arslanian, Richard Gentles ACandC Director of Development, and Blaine Caravaggi 
 Charlette Reed and Blaine Caravaggi 
 Rebecca Knaster and Shirley Freitag 
 ACandC Secretary Dr. Jay Kuhlman addresses crowd 
 ACandC Executive Director Julie Bank addresses crowd 
 Archana Etcheto 
 Amy Egner and Carlene Mahanna with Mei Mei 
 Anthony Rubio and Grace Forster 
 Risa Weinstock and  Julie Bank 
 Miranda Reinfeldt and Julie Hayek 
 Songstress Tamar Korn 
 Tim Farber, Lindsey Clark, and Jessica Boorn 
 Robert Bennett, Sara Morris, and Alexandra Silver 
 Dawn Karam and Alex Becker 
 Joe Belan, ACandC Exec. Dir. Julie Bank, and Fergus Legget 
 Josh Beckerman, Jen Halpern, Felicia Greenfield, and Claresa Mandola 
 Anti-gravity 
 Wendy Carduner, Grace Meigher, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and Chris Meigher 
 John and Marianne Castle, Diana  Taylor, and Peter Duchin 
 Mary McFadden, Craig Dix, and Anka Palitz 
 Jerry Anne Woodfin and Clay Cope 
 Chris Meigher, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Polly Onet, and Grace Meigher 
 Chips Page, Audrey Del Rosario, Ambassador Enriquillo del Rosario, and Eduardo Fernandez 
 Tim Kucha and Nancy Pearson 
 Sue Chalom and Greg Kan 
 Don and Lois Legato 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Roric Tobin 
 Dana and Peter Catalano 
 Anka Palitz, Adrienne Silver, Diane Fellows, Janie Indursky, and Renee Steinberg 
 Anka Palitz, Craig Dix, Anna Gary, and Said Belhadfa 
 Robert Bradford and Barbara Taylor Bradford 
 Melissa Berkelhammer, Lady Liliana Cavendish, Rebecca Bond, and John Bond 
 David and Melanie Holland 
 Marsha and Carl Hewitt 
 Grace and Chris Meigher with Wendy and Richard Cooke 
 Jamie Creel, Marco Scarani, Whitney Fairchild, Dr, Douglas Steinbrech, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Tara Diedrick and Robert Bradford 
 Mary Van Pelt and Rainbow 
 Sarah Page
Howard Martan and Cherry Hodge 
 Said Belhadfa and Anna Gary 
 Anka Palitz, Robert Bradford, Barbara Taylor Bradford, and Craig Dix 
 Gilles Mendel with NYCB Dancers  Ashly Isaacs, Lauren Lovette, Megan Fairchild, Cia Martins, Jennie Somogyi, Sara Mearns, Chase Finlay, and Claire Kretzschmar (all the ladies wearing J. Mendel) 
 Claire Kretzschmar and Taylor Stanley in Peter Martins' Mes Oiseaux, with costumes by Gilles Mendel of J. Mendel 
 Sara Mearns and Jonathan Stafford in George Balanchine's Symphony in C, with costumes redesigned by Marc Happel in collaboration with Swarovski 
 NYCB Ballet Master in Chief Peter Martins, Honorary Chairman Natalie Portman, and Event Chairmen Charlotte Moss and Marie Nugent-Head 
 Benjamin Millepied, Natalie Portman, Cia Martins, former NYCB Principal Dancer Darci Kistler, and NYCB Ballet Master in Chief Peter Martins 
 NYCB Principal Dancers Tiler Peck, Jennie Somogyi, and Ashley Bouder 
 Dinner on the Promenade of the David H. Koch Theater 
 Kylie Case, Gilles Mendel, and Bette Franke 
 Yael and Dany Boon 
 Olivia Chantecaille 
 Grace Coddington 
 Lisa Maria Falcone 
 Will Kopelman and Drew Barrymore 
 Abyssinian Choir 
 Hillary Rodham Clinton and Abigail E. Disney 
 Ana Oliveira, Ai-jen Poo, Hillary Rodham Clinton, Merble Reagon, and Abigail E. Disney 
 Merble Reagon and Ai-jen Poo 
 Phillip Bloch 
 Susan Cullman and Yvonne S. Quinn 
 Tamsen Fadal 
 Carolyn Buck Luce and Marie Wilson 
 Comptroller John C. Liu 
 Helen LaKelly Hunt and Hildy Simmons 
 Grantee partners 
 Hillary Rodham Clinton Table 
 Cyro Baptista, Chico Pinheiro, Susan Palma Nidel, and Juarez Moreira 
 2012 Gala Co-Chairs, Laurie Brueckner, Heidi Neuhoff-McWilliams, Liz Newman, and Noreen Buckfire 
 Ayden Adler and Ivan Lins 
 2012 Gala Committee, Nancy Brenner, Martina Keaney, Mary Jacobson, Laurie Brueckner, Heidi Neuhoff-McWilliams, Liz Newman, Noreen Buckfire, and Laura Koch 
 Kate Hughes, Neil Rudenstine, and Angelica Rudenstine 
 Gillian Bleimann, Celine Roche, and Laurent Le Guernec 
 Monica Lopes, Chico Pinheiro, and Christina Lopes 
 Laura Koch, Thomas McWilliams, Heidi Neuhoff-McWilliams, and Marc Mayer 
 Kate Hughes, Pablo Ziegler, and Chico Pinheiro 
 Wolf Kahn and Liz Newman 
 Monica Lopes, Christina Lopes, Yan Moati, and Rodney Hood 
 Adele Chatfield-Taylor 
 Jacob Collins, Suzanne Santry, and Bob Stern 
 Alfred Stern 
 Amanda Haynes-Dale and Katie Ridder 
 Anne Fairfax and Richard Dragisic 
 Janet Ross 
 Barbara Eberlein 
 Bill Brockschmidt and Richard Dragisic 
 Gil Schafer 
 Francis Morrone and Patricia Rainsford 
 Marc Appleton and Joanna Kerns 
 Henrika Taylor and Roy Zeluck 
 Paul Gunther 
 Suzanne Tucker 
 Leonard Porter, Michael Simon, and Miriam Ellner 
 Tent in Conservatory Gardens
 Drs. Kenneth L. Davis and Bonnie M. Davis 
 Christine Hikawa 
 James and Jean Crystal 
 Cheryl and Michael Minikes 
 Andrew and Denise Saul 
 Bonnie and Tom Strauss 
 Ellen and Howard C. Katz 
 Lisa and Jeff Blau 
 Arne Glimcher, Anne Ehrenkranz, Milly Glimcher, Joel Ehrenkranz 
 Lewis and Kristin Jones 
 Jo Carole and Ronald Lauder 
The New York Pops celebrated its 29th birthday with a grand gala evening titled 'Journey On.'
 Lewis Grosso and Kevin Chamberlin 
 Ronald McDonald House Rock Band and Chorus 
 Marin Mazzie 
 LaChanze 
 Rachel York and Steven Reineke 
 Tiler Peck 
 Nikki M. James and Norm Lewis 
 Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens 
 James A. Read, Joanne Stavrou, Patty Read, and Steven Reineke 
 Sherrie Maricle, Bill Sullivan, and Jungeun Kim 
 Grace Wales, Patty Read, Tracey Utton, and Shereen Meguid 
 Frank DiLella, Francine LeFrak, and Rick Friedberg 
 Ivette Almeida and Cindy Taylor 
 Patty Read, Katie Anderson, and Annie Read 
 Michael Doyle, Boyd Gaines, Tom Kirdahy, Terrence McNally, and Andrew Rannells 
 Alexander Stavrou, Joanne Stavrou, Terri DeSalvo, Corey DeSalvo, Kathy Epstein, and Benjamin Epstein 
 James A. Read, Lynn Ahrens, and Stephen Flaherty 
 Thomas and Paula McInerney 
 Kay Wight, Brian Curran, and Susan Lee 
 Harley Riak, Debra Fini, Lisa Daddario, and Paul Metselaar 
 June Freemanzon, Wesley Whatley, Betsy Jablow, and Chris Meier 
 The New York Pops Kids Band with Dr. Sherrie Maricle,  and Jungeun Kim 
 Robert Fairchild, Tiler Peck, Boyd Gaines, Ginger Thatcher, and Marco Lips 
 Andrew Rannells, Liz Callaway, and Steven Reineke 
 Steven Reineke, Lynn Ahrens, and Stephen Flaherty 
 Jason Danieley, Marin Mazzie, Jeff Englander, Alise Kreditor, Anne M. Swanson, Toni Peebler, Ruth Henderson, and Kara Street 
 Ayal Miodovnik, Rachel York, Nikki M. James, Amy Rayca, Kyle Paas, Kevin Chamberlin, Ceci Johnson, Rachel Pang, and Michael Gans 
 Leslie Goodman and Senator Roy Goodman 
 Nancy Turaj, Sandra Kwon, Rob Pohly, Julie Turaj, Jeen Pae, Jeff Sohm, Marci Sohm 
 June Freemanzon, Boyd Gaines, Jamie DeRoy, Rick Friedberg, Diane Laurance, and Francine LeFrak 
 Paula Zahn, Jeffrey Lieberman, MD, and Gwyneth Paltrow 
 Charlotte Kashani, Geralda Sarraf, Heather Benmoha, and Natalie Harounian 
 Bradley Peterson, Mary D'Alton, and David Kahn 
 Lili Kalimian, Rosemarie Lieberman, Brigitt Rok, and Cynthia Ott 
 Patricia Pei Tang and Susan Brant 
 Aspasia Zoumas, Barbara Hauser, and Claudia McNulty-Jensen 
 Charles Askegard and Michele Wiles of BalletNext 
 Steven Pesner 
 Honoree Peter Boal, Artistic Director of Pacific Northwest Ballet and Linda Shelton, Executive Director of The Joyce Theater 
 Gala Co-Chair and Joyce Trustee Gerald Appelstein with Emma Dipadova 
 Elizabeth Levitt Hirsch and Mimi Levitt 
 George Skouras, Lourdes Lopez, and Dorina and Bob Link 
 Torrence Boone, Richard and Larissa Miele, and Bonita Stewart 
 David Fanger, Martin Wechsler, Lane Harwell, and David Harrison 
 Susan Sosin and Daniel Gold 
 Sian Ballen and Richard Ablon 
 Fe and Paola Fendi 
 AT Nguyen, Morrie Sandler, and Linda Stocknoff 
 J. Kerry Clayton 
 Anabella Murphy and Lisa Evans 
 Event Co-Chairs Debi Wisch, Stacey Bronfman, and Eleanor Heyman Propp 
 Jill Bikoff and Libby Karmeli 
 Diane Tuft, Amy Scharf, and Debi Wisch 
 Lois Robbins Zaro and Carol Weisman 
 John Sexton, president of NYU; Robert Berne, MD; Martin Lipton; Ken Langone; Robert I. Grossman, MD, dean and CEO NYU Langone; Sue Boddu; Jason Theobald; Marica Vilcek;  and Jan Vilcek, MD, PhD 
 Robert I. Grossman, MD, dean and CEO NYU Langone, Marica Vilcek, Jan Vilcek, MD, PhD, Elaine Langone, and Ken Langone 
 Denise Benmosche and Nieca Goldberg, MD 
 Harvey Dale and Helen Kimmel 
 John Sexton, president of NYU, and Billie Tisch 
 Trudy Elbaum Gottesman, Billie Tisch, Robert Gottesman, and Alice Tisch 
 Sylvia Hassenfeld and Lola Finkelsteins 
 Floral Center Pieces in Waldorf Astoria Ballroom Designed by Preston Bailey 
 Brooklyn Youth Choir 
 Famed Rock and Roll Band, Chicago 
 Laura Forese, M.D. 
 Vivian Milstein 
 Herbert Pardes, M.D., Nancy Wexler, M.D., and Mehmet Oz, M.D. 
 Anna Kelly, M.D. and Robert Kelly, M.D. 
 Maria Bartiromo
 Allan Stewart, M.D. and Donatella Arpaia 
 Anna Cugini 
 Adele Chatfield-Taylor and Peter Sellars 
 Benedict Campbell, Joseph Huang, and Caroline Jennings 
 Chuck Close 
 Toni Morrison and Peter Sellars 
 Nancy Kissinger 
 Morley and Jane Safer 
 Paulo Szot, William Kentridge, and Robert Storr 
 Nancy Novogrod, Jamie Figg, and friend
 David Ludwigson and Linda Fairstein 
 Harry Belafonte 
 Michael Connelly 
 Alan Rogers, David Ludwigson, and Sean Driscoll 
 Erik Bottcher and Scott Bruckner 
 Fern Mallis, Blaine Trump, and Rebecca Bond 
 Fern Mallis, David Sheppard, and Ann Moore 
 Karen Pearl, Steve Simon, and Blaine Trump 
 Lawrence Lewis, Vicki Schade, and Hajime Fukuju 
 Phil Geier, Jon Bond, and Michael Sennott 
 Sam Green and Chris Lacovara 
 Stephen Covello, Karen Bdera, and T.J. Luty 
 Sylvia Vogelman and Adam Gopnik 
 The Honorable Cy Vance and Michael Connelly 
 Tory Burch and Gigi Mortimer 
 Mish Tworkowski, Ray Attanasio, and Joseph Singer
 Jerry Pasciucco, Judy Milne, Kelly Pasciucco, and Katie Ridder
 Susan Matelich
 Henry Johnson, Caroline Wansler, and Stefano Aluffi
 Julie Graham and Patty Fast
 Anne Harrison and Gillian Steel 
 Gregory Long, Kevin Shakey, and Martha Stewart 
 Mish Tworkowski, Amy Todd Middleton, and Bob Ireland 
 Collin and Katrina Stair 
 Mish Tworkowski and Valarie Rice 
 Gregory Long 
 Mario Nievera   and Mario Painho 
 Urban Karlsson and Juan Montoya 
 George Moore and Kathy Moore 
 Margaret Falk, Eliot Nolan, and Roly Nolan 
 Beth Ram, Ashley Rittenmaier, and Mary Urban 
 Kevin Sharkey and Martha Stewart 
 Barbara Cirkva Schumacher and John Schumacher 
 Barbara Israel, Bunny Williams, and Susan Burke 
 Ron Wendt and Robert Rufino 
 Jenny Philips and Judy Ann Stuart 
 Catherien Sweeny Singer and Barbara Israel 
 Susan Burke and friends 
 Michael Solovay, Martha Parker, Susan Solovay, and Adam Gopnik 
 Capera Ryan, Adam Gopnik, Clare McKeon, and Pauline Willis 
 Ruth Appelhof and Jeffrey Loewy 
 Vanessa Cornell and Olivia Chantecaille 
 Nathalie Kaplan and Clare McKeon 
 Linda Ash Ezesky and Susan Solovay 
 Elaine Uzan Leary and Ann Kinney 
 Bj Topol and Vicky Ward 
 Barbara Lane and Adam Gopnik 
 Christine Harmon, Alexandra Doan Drucker, and Stephanie La Nasa 
 Elizabeth Sachs 
 Tom Freudenheim, Alice Hunsberger, and Margot Linton 
 NancyJane Loewy, Patricia Farman-Farmaian, and Patricia Patterson 
 Samantha Hammer and Tasha Nagler 
 Noah Horowitz and Elizabeth Klein 
 Davin Staats and Leanne Mella 
 Kristin Gish and Jennifer Cabot 
 Alexandra Doan Drucker and Junia Doan 
Helen-Fioratti, L'Antiquaire & The Connoisseur
Serena Tufo, Carey Maloney, Hermes Mallea, and Stacy McLaughlin
Bernard Goldberg
Jason Jaques
Stacy Bewkes, Beth McDonough, and Beth Brenner
Scott Nelson and Alex Papachristidis
Roric Tobin and Geoffrey Bradfield
David Garrard Lowe and Marcia Schaeffer
Carlos Falchi, Missy Falchi, and Mark Gilbertson
Anne Mezko and Mark Lyman
Barbara and Donald Tober
Edward and Priscilla Ullman
Sten Axdorph and Inemar Akessom
DSC_2727-Darren Hennault, Karen Kreitsek
Michael Scalisi and Amy Fine Collins
Megan Houston, James Carter, Mary Helen McCoy, and Tammy Connor
Judith Bedard
Robert Couturier and Nazee Moinian
 Auctioneer Lenny Clarke 
 Bidding on golf with Curt Schilling 
 Curt and Shonda Schilling, event co-chairs 
 Terry and Tom Hamilton, event co-chairs 
 Stephanie and David Long, event co-chairs 
 Marlene and Dr. William Austen with Lenny Clarke 
 Dr. Peter L. Slavin, Karen Kaplan and Mike Sheehan 
 Jack Manning and Lyle Howland 
 Tim Sweeney and Dr. Scott Mc Leod 
 Stephanie Long and Terry Hamilton 
 Dr. Ronald Kleinman and wife Martha 
 Tom Hamilton playing with the  Felix Peikli Trio  and Lenny Clarke singing 
 The raffle table 
 The cast of The Sound of Music: Mary Michael Patterson (Liesl von Trapp), Nick Spangler (Rolf Gruber) Rob Fisher, Musical Director and Conductor, Brooke Shields (Elsa Schraeder),Tony Goldwyn (Captain Georg von Trapp), Laura Osnes (Maria Rainer), Patrick Page (Max Detweiler), and Stephanie Blythe (The Mother Abbess) 
 Brooke Shields (Elsa Schraeder) with Wilhelm Klinger,  and Michael Gigl
 Laura Osnes (Maria) teaches the Von Trapp children to sing with "Do-Re-Mi." 
 Patrick Page (Max Detweiler), Tony Goldwyn (Captain Georg von Trapp), and Brooke Shields (Elsa Schraeder) wonder "How Can Love Survive?" 
 The curtain call for Carnegie Hall's The Sound of Music 
 Mary Klein and Stephen R. Howe, Jr., Gala Corporate Chair 
 Musical Director and Conductor Rob Fisher with members of the Mansfield University Concert Choir 
 Jolyon Stern, Penny Gillinson, Nelle Nugent, and Clive Gillinson 
 Marina Kellen French and Gala Honorary Chair His Excellencey Ersnt-Peter Brezovszky, Consul General of the Republic of Austria 
 Gala Co-Chair Edward C. Forst and Carnegie Hall Board Chairman Sanford I. Weill 
 Co-stars Laura Osnes (Maria Rainer) and Tony Goldwyn (Captain Georg von Trapp) 
 The 2012 New England Society Book Award Winners 
 NES President Caroline A. Camougis welcomes guests to the luncheon 
 Winning author Erin Byers-Murray accepts her award for Shucked in the Contemporary Nonfiction category, with NES President Caroline A.  Camougis 
 Winning author Annie Kelly and photographer Tim-Street Porter accept their award for Litchfield Style, in the Art & Photography category 
 Shucked editor Daniela Rapp and Anna Bulkot 
 Executive Director Robin Hickey and President Caroline A. Camougis 
 Shucked author Erin-Byers Murray and Bradlee Hicks 
 Anne Hall Elser and Arnold Neis 
 Rosemary Daniels and  Elizabeth Apgar 
 Scott Glascock, Jay Sherwood, and Sam Hill 
 NES Book Awards Committee Ellen Scordato and Tim Street-Porter 
 Alan D R Frese and Jane Pflug 
 President Caroline  A. Camougis and  Annie Kelly 
 Sam Hill, Gail Gaston, Libby Handros, and Tris Coburn 
 Jan Whitman Ogden 
 Jay Sherwood, Gail Gaston, John Kirby, Shucked author Erin Byers-Murray,  Sam Hill, and Shucked Editor Daniela Rapp 
 Lucy Kirk, Jay Sones, Rosemary Daniels, Megan Stanley, Benedict Gedaminski, Anne Hall Elser, and The Night Strangers author Chris Bohjalian 
 Death of an Empire author Robert Booth 
 Denise Saul, Andrew Saul, and Kim Tighe 
 Stephanie Winston Wolkoff and Jill Swid Rosen 
 Daniel Loeb, Lisa Eisenpresser, Martha Davis, and Margaret Munzer Loeb 
 Dawnridge 
 Dawnridge 
 Dancing at Dawnridge 
 Dawnridge singers 
 The dancefloor at Dawnridge 
 Elizabeth Locke 
 Johnny Holiday with the ladies 
 Isis Moussa and Jeffrey Schlesinger 
 Juan Prieto, Douglas Truesdale, Matthew White, and Michael Carter 
 Yana Ayrapetyan, Chris Moss, and Michelle Host 
 Elvis (George Thomas) 
 Marilyn Monroe (Jodi Fleisher), Sergio Velotti, Maria Callas (Valentina Fleer), and Benjamin Covey 
 London Mod Girls 
 Marilyn Monroe and Pepe Esteve 
 M. Flynn Kuhnert, Gail Salomon, Peter Iacono, Tara Kuhnert, Arvin Brown, and Austin Powers 
 M. Flynn Kuhnert, Tara Kuhnert, and Austin Powers 
 Shirley Bassey (Alexx Daye) 
 Anne Fitzpatrick Cucchiaro and Stephen Cucchiaro 
 Cat Jagger Pollon with the Paparazzi 
 Charles Tolbert and Beatrice Esteve 
 Charles Tolbert and Carolina Palermo Schulze 
 Christine and Gabriel Chiu 
 Francesca Piper Koss, Elizabeth Locke, and John Staelin 
 Gail Salomon, Peter Iacono, Tara Kuhnert, and Austin Powers 
 Hutton Wilkinson, Sally and Michel Perrin, and Carolina Palermo Schulze 
 Hutton Wilkinson, Tara Kuhnert, Ruth Wilkinson, and M. Flynn Kuhnert 
 Kim and John Wise 
 Liz Makrauer and Matthew White 
 M. Flynn Kuhnert 
 Mara Robinson 
 Melissa Wilmoth, Juan Prieto, Ruth Wilkinson, and Toni Brent 
 Niki McElroy, Jelena Kikic, Tiffany Carter, and Nicole Ouellette 
 Peter Iacono, Sally Perrin, Hutton Wilkinson, Valentina Fleer, and Benjamin Covey 
 Sally Perrin 
 Shane and Louis Fermelia 
 Tara Kuhnert with the Paparazzi 
 Terry Stanfill and Hutton Wilkinson 
 Terry Stanfill and M. Flynn Kuhnert 
 Jonathan Romero, William Rabbe, and Barbara Romero 
 Missy Egbert Sheehan, Judi Egbert, and G. Pennington Egbert III 
 Melissa Felsher, Missy Egbert Sheehan, and Shannon Johnston 
 Nicole Roulis, Kimberly Cebrik, Amy Ross, and Fatima Sanandaji 
 Lee Wagner and Jonathan Romero 
 Anne Keating, Dorothy Roberts, and Mary E. Belle 
 Jennie DeScherer, Phyllis Mack, and Richard DeScherer 
 Callie Schweitzer, Elizabeth Schweitzer Miller, and  Kate Kelly 
 Barbara Tracey and Anne Keating 
 Joanne P. Heyman and Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg 
 Aaron Mickelson showing Mike Pratt and Concetta Stewart his packaging design, which was on display at The Art of Packaging Award Gala 
 Packaging design by Scholarship Recipient Renato Martins Cerqueira 
 Packaging design by Scholarship Recipient Wei-Hsin Lin 
 Packaging design by Scholarship Recipient Aaron Mickelson 
 Packaging design by Scholarship Recipient Maija Rozenfelde 
 Marc Rosen and student scholarship winners Maija Rozenfelde, Aaron Mickelson, Wei-Hsin Lin, and Renato Martins Cerqueira 
 Barbara Gyde and Kevin Marshall 
 Hong Mahe, Annik Klein, and Nathalie Grosdidier 
 Peter Accerra (center) and guests 
 Cosimo Policastro and Heidi Manheimer 
 Marc Rosen, Heidi Manheimer, and Katsuhiko Shibuya 
 Stephen Spilka, Francois Sabate, and Theo Spilka 
 Jeff Bellantoni, Concetta Stewart, Aaron Mickelson, Wei-Hsin Lin, Thomas F. Scutte, Maija Rozenfelde, and Renato Martins Cerqueira 
 Kaajia Cassin, Makiko Hagio, Gisela Ballard, Jennifer Vafile, and Nicole Carcillo 
 Constance Howlett, Sara Calsen, and Sushil Raghupathy 
 Hilary Ernsberger, Frank Voelkl, Birgit Benayoun, and Carole Dumont 
 Marc Gobe, Mariannick Davy, and Ilias Ermenidis 
 Katsuhiko Shibuya (second from right) with guests 
 Tara Weedfalc, Andrea Fazio, Nessi Erkmenoglu, and Danielle Henderson 
Barnard President Debora Spar
Ellen Futter and Binta Niambi Brown
Nancy Garvey, Diana Vagelos, and Ellen Futter
The gala dinner ..
 Honoree Francis Greenburger '74, Baruch College President Mitchel Wallestein, Honoree William M. Newman '47, Hon., LLD '97, Alumni Speaker Catherine Kuo '11, and Honoree Joseph Macnow '67
City University of New York Chancellor Matthew Goldstein
Alumni Speaker Catherine Kuo '11
President of the Baruch College Fund Joel Cohen (YEAR) (at right) presents the Distinguished Alumni Award to Francis Greenburger '74
Joe Schenker presents the Distinguished Alumni Award to Joseph Macnow '67
Baruch President Mitchel B. Wallerstein (at right) presents the President's Medal to 2012 Honoree William M. Newman '47, Hon., LLD '97
Samantha Bernstein, Beverly Salty, William M. Newman, Matthew Bernstein, and Debbie Bernstein
 Bill Cunningham and Marian Sulzberger Heiskell photographing each other while  Jay Diamond, Claudia Lebenthal, and Alexandra Lebenthal look on at  Carnegie Hall's Medal of Excellence Gala.
 A cutout of  Bill Cunningham 
The real Bill
 Adrienne Arst 
 Carnegie Hall Chairman and Honorary Gala Chair Sanford I. Weill, Bill Cunningham, Carnegie Hall Trustee Judy Zankel 
 Adrienne Arsht, Alexandra Lebenthal, Bill Cunningham, Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos, and Claudia Lebenthal 
 Christine & Stephen Schwarzman 
 Bill Cunningham greets Mercedes Bass 
 Julia and David H. Koch 
 Roshi Kamdar, Vittorio Grigolo, Oscar de la Renta, Mercedes Bass 
 Muffie Potter Aston and Sherrell Aston 
 Annette de la Renta and Bill Cunningham 
 Elizabeth and Henry Segerstrom 
 Bill Cunningham photographs during dinner 
 Bill Cunningham and Tina Lundgren 
 Lara Meiland-Shaw and Claude Shaw 
 Dinner viewing of a clip from Bill Cunningham New York 
 Sanford I. Weill presents the Medal of Excllence to Bill Cunningham 
 Bill Cunningham and his Medal of Excellence 
 Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Vittorio Grigolo performs 
 Victtorio Grigolo and Dmitri Hvorostovsky 
 Sarah Jessica Parker, Oscar de la Renta, and Vittorio Grigolo 
 Lauren and Andrés Santo Domingo 
 Bill Cunningham, Henry Segerstrom, and Terry Lundgren: all Medal of Excellence recipients 
 Annika Connor, Austin Scarlet, and Mercedes Bass 
 Bill Cunningham with Chiu-Ti Jansen, Patricia Shiah,  Michele Herbert, and Lucia Hwong Gordon at the after-BCNY 
 Guests dancing to music by DJ Cassidy in the Vanderbilt Room 
 Henley Vazquez, Alex Erdman, Monique Brendel, Amelia Osborne, and Brooke Pearson 
 Charles Buaron, Calypso Lawrence, Harry LeFrak, and friend 
 Cricket Whitton, Monique Thofte, Barkley Hickox, and Panda Ebling 
 Everett Cook, Stephen Sherrill, and Chris Lentz 
 Adele Lewis, Henry Cashin, and Diane Guite 
 Jackie Valls, Chris Lentz, and Alexandra Papanicolaou 
 Katie Williams and Billy Cooling 
 Louisa Rechter, Stephen Sherrill, and aura Lamont 
 Marcella Viktorin, Barkley Hickox, and Kearney Egerton 
 Silas Anthony and Alexandra Papanicolaou 
 Marcella Viktorin, Stephen Sherrill, Kearney Egerton, and Eliza Crawford 
 Silas Anthony and Tory Grauer 
 Paul Levine addresses the guests
 Joyce B. Cowin, Fran Levy, and Julie Menin 
 Richard Barasch, Renee Barasch, Fran Levy, Lori Gendelman, and Bruce Gendelman 
 Valerie Portny and Caroline Portny Beshara 
 Phyllis Mack, Bill Mack, and Fran Levy 
 Joyce B. Cowin, Claire Goodman Cloud, and Senator Roy Goodman 
 David Edelson, Mindy Schneider, and Michael Lesser 
 Fran Levy and Susan Fuhrman 
 John Reinsberg, Lori Reinsberg, and Jeffrey Wilks 
 Charles Diker, Alice Tisch, and Anna Marie Shapiro 
Eleanora Kennedy and Amanda Taylor
Nyssa Koursas, Alex Stevenson, and Kristen Krusen
Joan Steinberg and Sue Wachenheim
Alexandra Kotur and Anna Carter
 Tilda Swinton and Richard Gere 
 Guido Torlonia, Alba Clemente, and Paolo Canevari 
 Princess Firyal of Jordan and Peter Marino 
 Mario DeBenedetti, Alessandra Cicognani, Desiree Berggruen, and Olivier Berggruen 
 Coralina Cataldi-Tassoni and Mariano Baino 
 Richard Gere, Bryan Swardstrom, and Andrew Finklestein 
 Olimpia Possati 
 Isabella Rossellini and Ines Theodoli 
 Micky Camerini and Yolanda Garretti 
 Renato D'Agostin and  Alessandra De Benedetti 
 Lynn Nesbit 
 Domitilla Dotti and Sciascia Gambaccini 
 Pierpaolo Martiradona, Pina Brianca, and Giuseppe Rossi 
 Maria Eugenia Maury and Gaetana Enders 
 Elisabeth Muhr, Muffy Miller, and Karlheinz Muhr 
 Christopher Ong and Anna Ratman 
 Sandra Nunnerley and Pierre Durand 
 Chris Taylor, Nancy Armstrong, Tim Armstrong, Desiree Gruber, and Kyle McLaughlin 
 Graydon Carter and Anna Carter 
 Judge Judy Sheindlin 
 Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump, Leelee Sobieski, and Adam Kimmel 
  Susan Solomon, Walter Issacson, Boaty Boatwright, Michael Barker, and Nora Ephron 
 Helena Christensen 
 Ron Meyer, Katie Couric, and Ron Perelman 
 Desiree Gruber and Kyle MacLachlan 
 Tory Burch 
 Catherine Zeta-Jones and Tommy Mottola 
 Raphael De Niro, John Sykes, and Robert De Niro 
 Suzanne Ircha Johnson, Somers Farkas, and Daphna Kastner 
 Dakota Fanning 
 Lorraine Adams, Richard Price, Cindy Sherman, and Liz Swid 
 Velia Majo and Aida Turturro 
 Marjorie Gubelmann and Lynn Wyatt
 Lou Gropp, Jack Larsen, Pat Sovern, and David Sprouls 
 Whitney Armstrong and Thomas Woltz 
 Kathryn Madden, Elsie St Leger, and Alejandra Mumizaga 
 Michael Sovern and Pat Sovern 
 Lou Gropp and Jack Larsen 
 Pat Sovern, Jack Larsen,  and Thomas Woltz 
 Billy Kenny, Janet York, Bunty Armstrong, Emery Armstrong, and Matko Tomicic 
 Pat Sovern, Lady Henrietta Spencer-Churchill, Inge Heckel, and Jack Larsen 
 Christina Juarez, David Scott, Ellie Cullman, Alison Levasseur, Guy Regal, Allison Davis, and Wendy Landau 
 Vincente Wolf and Matthew Yee 
 Barbara Pierce, Janet York, and Bunty Armstrong 
 Geoffrey Bradfield, Roric Tobin, and Mario Buatta 
 Guy Regal, Patti Lau, Amy Lau, and Julia Noran 
 Agnus Gund 
 Pauline Metcalf and Ross Francis 
 Lee Mindel and Margaret Russell 
 Lisa Gorrivan, Margaret Russell, and Philip Gorrivan 
 Pat Sovern, Agnus Gund, and Whitney and Emery Armstrong 
 Ross Francis and Alexa Hampton 
 Bunty Armstrong, Emery Armstrong, Susan Watts, and Janet York 
 Peter Davis and Mark Gilbertson 
 Richard Mishaan, Sandra Nunnerley, and Mario Buatta 
 Barbara Israel, Jill Dietz, Richard Mishaan, and Julie Dannenberg 
David Ling, Jordan Donner, and Olesia Anisimovich
David Ling and Mark Lyman
Tom and Heidi McWilliams
Nan Laitman and Hope Beyer
Myrna Zuckerman and Barbara Rosenthal
Maryanna Smith and Vicomtesse Bianca Irwin
Donald and Barbara Tober
Sandra Long and Russell Bush
Jamie Drake
Dennis Rolland, Jaap Thalen, artist
 Cynthia Elliott, Carmen de Lavallade, and Jane Ira Bloom 
 Jeremy Smith, Andrea Risoli, and Spring Soiree Co-Chair Tom Allon 
 Access to the Arts Award Honoree Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: Lori Glazer, Bruce Nichols, Taryn Roeder, Linda K. Zecher, Gary Gentel, and Mary Culliane 
 Board Chair Steven M. Alden, Access to the Arts Honoree Morley Safer, and Stanley Zabar 
 Jane Ira Bloom, Carmen de Lavallade, Artistic Director Laura Kaminsky, Peter J. Tichansky, and Karen Kaminsky 
 Beth Jacobs, Thomas Jackson, and Penny Jackson 
 Richard Mittenthal and Stanley Zabar 
 Jeremy Smith, John Rothman, and John Fox 
 Claire Aidem with Nicholas and Jesse Haines 
 Julie Falk, Shari Brooks, Amy Wilson, and Jennifer Zabinski 
 Heidi Rotterdam, Robert Sloane, Jeffrey Scheuer, and Marge Scheuer 
 Spring Soiree Hosts Gregory Generet and Tamara Tunie 
 Diana, Malachy, and Ellen McCourt 
 Spring Soiree Co-Chairs Steven and Sheila Aresty 
 Kay Cattarulla, Daniel Menaker, Karen Kaminsky, Katherine Bouton, and Peter J. Tichansky 
 Peter Jachym and Marcia Santoni 
 Jacky Terrasson and Arturo O'Farrill 
 Laurence Spano, Chris Dixon, and Helen Murphy 
 Roddy Caravella and Gretchen Fenston 
 Gregory Generet, Morley Safer, and Warren Lustig 
Robin Cofer, Peter Max, Chris DeRose, and Leesa Rowland
Jean Shafiroff
Cassandra Seidenfeld, R. Couri Hay, Nancy Silberkleit, and Joe Alexander
Alan and Jenna Lash
Peter Brown and Vanessa Friedman
 Natalie Frank and Elizabeth Sackler 
 George Sheldon and Yasgo Noguchi 
 Nilani Trent, Jack Tamagni, and Carla Shen 
 Anthony Haden Guest 
 St. Claire Tucker, Steph Karasnoff, and Sabrina Linnette Diaz 
 Susan Stroman and Hans Tester 
 Jessye Norman 
 Karen Wong and Adam Glick 
 Kate Noto, Lily Dormant, and Christie George 
 Lee Potter and Paige Betz 
 James Taffin de Givenchy and Mary Van Pelt 
 Lee Anderson, Lee Black, and CeCe Black 
 James Taffin de Givenchy and Timothy Pope 
 Sara Hobel, Adrian Benepe, and Mary Van Pelt
 Pat Altschul, Mario Buatta, Mark Gilbertson, and Susan Gutfreund 
 Claudia Overstrom and Kamie Lightburn 
 Ed Wilson, President and CEO of Earthwatch, Jorge Colmenares, Bill Moomaw, and Kevin Anton, member of Earthwatch International and US Board of Directors 
 Bob Vila, Gretchen Grant, Richard Brewster, and Barbara Brewster 
 Tarin O'Donnell, Anna Lindow, and DJ Huggy Bear 
 Vita Reinoso, Ed Wilson, and Nina Lawson 
 Marianna Zabavina and Milos Alacaly 
 Jessica Bolback, Valarie Walker, Willy Steigman, and Byron Anderson 
 Byron Anderson, Alexandra Cart, Courtney Murzin, and Jon Blanksteen 
 Jon Tomashoff, Tarin O'Donnell, Larry Sadaka, and Anna Lindow 
 Larry Sadaka, Tarin O'Donnell, and Jon Tomashoff 
 Dan Kessler, Tarin O'Donnell, and Jared Dubey 
 J. Michael Reinoso, Valarie N., Jake Kramer, and Emily Starkey 
 Mark Quilhot, Emma Hall, and Adam Friedman 
 Cortney Maran, Alexandra Cart, John Sten, and Eliza Glaster 
 Natalie Boyle and Katherine Tuckerman 
 William Cart, Beryl Crofton-Atkins,  and Jared Dubey 
Saturday Night Live Alum Rachel Dratch, host John Tartaglia, and New York Pops Music Director Steven Reineke
Gonzo, Kermit, Fozzie, and John Tartaglia
Notables Family Party Honorary Chair Brooke Shields
: Lyss Stern, June Ambrose, and Mary Wible Vertin
Victoria Li, Dushy and Indira Roman, Kim Hastie and guests
Carnegie Hall Executive and Artistic Director Clive Gillinson with Notables Family Party Co-chairs Mary Wible Vertin, Lyss Stern, Brooke Shields, Amy Tarr, Caroline Rocco Dennis, Christin Rueger, and Sarina Sassoon Sanandaji
Guests getting photos taken and printed by Photo Op
Faces by Derrick
Muppet cookie-decorating
Guests enjoy Twisted Balloons

 Carlos Campos, PJ Pascual, Valentin Hernandez Jr., Alexis Zambrano,  Carolina Crews, Karla Martinez, Flavia Kelson, and Gabriel Rivera-Barraza 


 Sarika Rastogi 


 Tony Bechara, Narciso Rodriguez, and Yaz Hernandez 


 Margarita Aguilar and Susan Delvalle 


 Patrick Fields 


 Carlos Campos 


 Alexis Zambrano and Gabriel Rivera-Barraza 

 Amanda Hearst 
 Peter Glatzer and Maya Albanese 
 Grace Potter 
 Coco Rocha 
 Van Muller and Polina Margasova 
 Janie Chase 
 Suzanne Weinstock and Andrew Nodell 
 Robert Cochran, Marcia Mishaan, and Suzanne Cochran 
 Olivia Chantecaille and Adelina Wong Ettelson 
 Bronson Van Wyck, Kate Schelter, and Chris Schumacher 
 Meri Miller and Karen Boyer 
 Jenny Turner, Marla Goldwasser, Blair Clarke, and Kelly Padden 
 Bonnie Stone, Diane Sawyer, and Martha Nelson 
 Alissa Heumann and Jessica Sciacchitano 
 Cindy Weber-Cleary, Martha Nelson, and Hal Rubenstein 
 Monica Rich Kosann and Ginny Hershey Lambert 
 Steve Sadove, Georgia Frasch, and Ron Frasch 
 Michael Clinton, Jaqui Lividini, Jim Hardy, and Anne Hardy 
 Chris Foster, David Mon, and Veronica Kelly 
 Alex Sudder, Cardaja Murray, and Cody Joseph 
 Danielle Kosann, Monica Rich Kosann, and Laura Kosann 
 Laura Zambelli Barket 
 Wendy Diamond 
 Linda and Ben Lambert 
 Lake Bell and Scott Cambell 
 Dixon and Arriana Boardman 
 Catherine Malandrino 
 Melissa Foss, Christopher Handley, and Tinsley Mortimer 
 Margo and Charlene Nederlander 
 Dr. Annette Rickel and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Heather Eterton, Heather Leeds, and Mindy Fortin 
 Nancy Coffey, Martha O'Brien, and Libby Fitzgerald 
 Karen Glover and Hampton Luthack 
 Stephanie Griswald and Leslie Jones 
 Melanie Holland and Martha O'Brien 
 Allison Pappas, Christina Smith, and Catherine Shepherd 
 Anne Grauso and Sheila Dwyer 
 Elizabeth Mayhew, Lita Urry, and Patty Crawford 
 Mary Pulido, Sapphire, David Stack, and Elizabeth Mayhew 
 Dr. Penny Grant and Victor de Souza 
 Josh Leuchtenburg, Joe Purcell, and Richard Dresdale 
 Allison Brokaw and Tania Higgins 
 Matt Semino and Robin Meltzer 
 Diana DiMenna, Tania Higgins, and Donna Clower 
 Chirlane McCray, Dawne Marie Grannum, Sapphire, and Dr. Penny Grant 
 Tatiana Perkin and Mary Pulido 
 Natalie Kaplan, Amanda Taylor, and Lise Evans 
 Faith Coolidge, Jodie Fink, and Julie Friedland 
 Deborah Norville, Susan Shin, and Kimberly Guilfoyle 
 Barbara Bridges, Mary McCormick, Wini Freund, Davia Temin,  Marie Wilson, Tiffany Dufu, Katherine Ragsdale, and Geraldine Laybourne 
 Abigail Disney 
 Chris Benz, Tiffany Dufu, Keith Patterson, and Jack Lofton 
 Geena Davis and Pat Mitchell 
 Anna Sophia Robb 
 Katherine Mossman, Jehmu Greene, Krystal Ball, Ashley Bush, Susan L. Taylor, and Bonnie St. John 
 Mahsa Pelosky Danielle Hootnick, and Michael Balaoing 
 Mahsa Pelosky, Tiffany Dufu, Danielle Hootnick, Beth Brooke, and Michael Balaoing 
 Marie Wilson, Geena Davis, and Tiffany Dufu 
 Cheryle Jackson and Sudha Shetty 
 Michael Balaoing, Masha Pelosky, Tiffany Dufu, and Danielle Hootnick 
 Natasha Stange, Geena Davis, Emma Contiguglia, Carl Contiguglia, Courtney Contiguglia, and Caroline Contiguglia 
 Nikiya Q. Harris and Marie Wilson 
 Tiffany Dufu and Margaret Brennan 
 Javier Gomez, Camilla Barungi, and Mike Woods 
 Tiffany Dufu, Marie Wilson, and Stephanie Ruhle 
 Wendy Diamond, Amir Dossal, and Tamsen Fadal 
 Adelina Ettelson, Susan Cochran, and Yesim Philip 
 Brian Cho and Bill Kourakos 
 David O'Shaughnessy, Mary Karen O'Shaughnessy, and Paul Cole 
 Joe Missett and Doug Blonsky 
 Kamie Lightburn, Leelee Brown, and Amy Tarr 
 Kelly Gannon, Jay Gannon, Nyssa Kourakos, and Bob Cochran 
 Kerry Shannon, Aliza Ameer, Wendy Van Raalte, and Rebecca Collora 
 Nyssa Kourakos, Jessica Cho, Virginia Apple, Terry Polk, and Eby McKay 
 Paige Hardy, Tripp Hardy, and Ashley Wotiz 
 Patsy Tarr, Christine Cochran, and Amy Tarr 
 Shirin Christoffersen, Terry Coppersmith, and Paige Boller Malik 
 Susan Cochran, Mary Kathryn Navab, Yesim Philip, and Dusty Philip 
East Side House Settlement's 13th Annual Gala Preview of the 2012 New York International Auto Show.
 Fiat 500 Abarth
 Fiat 500 Abarth being driven into the dinner tent by Pat Dougherty, FIAT's Director of Sales and Network
 Benefit Committee Co-Chair, Fe Fendi inside Fiat 500 Abarth
 Benefit Committee Co-Chair, Mariana Zois 
 John LaSorsa of the Greater New York Automobile Dealers Association, with Sue LaSorsa 
 Justin Belmont, Lisa Yom, David Wu, and Kipton Cronkite 
 Arie and Coco Kopelman 
 Tom and Patricia Shiah 
 Lydia Fenet with John Sanchez, Executive Director of East Side House Settlement 
 Priscilla Zoullas 
 Fe Fendi, Debbie Bancroft, Paola Fendi, with friend 
 Courtney Booth, with friend 
 Elizabeth Hale Randlett and Richie Adomako 
 Coco and Arie Kopelman, and Joan Young 
 Gala Chairs, Phil Yang and Chris LaSusa 
 Adrian Chang, with friend 
 Debbie Bancroft and Peter Bacanovic 
 Frank DeBartolo and Caitlin Cary 
 David Levitt, Steven Miller, and Justin Green 
 Melanie Lezendy and Lacary Sharpe 
Robert Willson, DOWNTOWN, Los Angeles, New York
Rosemary Kreiger, Simona Blau, and friend
Christopher Anthony Ltd, Palm Springs, CA
Michael Raynes and Liz O'Brien
Patrick Dragonette
Sally Rosen
Gerard O'Brien and Jonathan Goldstein
Brian Keliher, Rosemary Kreiger, and Gordon Merkel
Vyna St. Phard and Craig Warfield
Mark McDonald
Lobel Modern 20th Century Gallery, NY
Goran Salindrija and Ken Leach at Gallery 47
Glen Leroux
LOST CITY Arts, NYC
Stacy Mc Laughlin, Adam Karp, and Serina Tufo at  Katy Kane booth
Donzella 20th Century Gallery, NY
Katy Kane and James Andrew
John Deslauriers and  Blair Douglas
Kathy Murphy
Palumbo Anderrsen
Maxine Stewart, Frances Crumbley, Alyson Sugar, Carlo Ponti, Rena Kukin, and Julie Hillman
Gerardus Widdershoven and Benoist Drut
Jill McKenna and Frances Perkins
COLLAGE 20th Century Classics, Dallas, TX
Carmella Bergeron and Susan Weber
Susan Weber and Lynn Thommen
David Mann and Paul Donzella
Glen Leroux and Marisa Tomei
Vincente Wolf, Chris Lipari, and Matthew Yee
Serina Tufo, Michael Bruno, Alexander Jakowec, and Francesca Stanfill
Vivian Van Rijk
Gregory Cerio, Wendy Moonan, and Adam Karp
Stephen Shadley, Brooke Michelsen, Randi Mac Coll, and Brad Linard
Leslie  Bluhm
Holly Dando, Susanna Salk, Alexander Jakowec, Ernest de la Torre, Michael Bruno, Marcia Sherrill, and Emery Guder
Blake Martin, Clair Watson, and Mat Sanders
Carl Lana and Randall Beale
Marcy Masterson, Mario Buatta, and Judith Gura
 NYFC Board members
 Amy McFarland and Lydia Fenet 
 Eli Mizrahi and Emina Cunmulhan 
 Susan Magazine 
 Maria and Eric Steaple 
 Derek Anderson and Cynthia Bailey 
 Coralie Charriol Paul 
 Oluchi Orlandi 
 Berry Bloomingdale 
 Spencer Morgan and Alexis Bryan Morgan 
 Sandra Grant, Selita Ebanks, Vanessa Louis, and Melissa Salmon 
 Carly Cushnie, Lindsay Ellingson, and Michelle Ochs 
 Lauren Remington Platt 
The bar scene
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Cameron Silver, Nicole Miller, and Rod Keenan 
 Peterson Rodriguez and Alina Cho 
 Alina Cho, CD Greene, and Ron Rogers 
Randy Harris and friends at his    21st birthday party at ‘21’ Club.
The cake
Jay McInerney, Amanda Hearst, Patricia Hearst Shaw, Anne Hearst McInerney, Bernard Shaw, Randy Harris, King Harris, and Alison Moore Harris
Randy and more friends
Bridgette Faupel, Calvin Swint, Austin Kay, and Randy Harris
Candace Bushnell and Randy Harris
Jim Signorelli and Patricia Hearst Shaw
Joseph Tobin, Kimberly Rockefeller, and Jamie Figg
Christian Rockefeller, Kimberly Rockefeller, Steven Rockefeller Jr., and Steven Rockefeller III
Lucy de Kooning and Emma de Kooning
Milly de Cabrol, George Farias, and Alison Mazzola
Shaon Bush and Ashley Bush
Steven Rockefeller III, Alex Ersoff, and Randy Harris
Luigi Tadini, Amanda Hearst, and Theresa Berkery
Patrick McMullan, Amanda Hearst, and George Farias
Bernard Shaw and Edith Tobin
Chrisophe von Hohenberg and Alison Moore Harris
 Tom Lehrman, Mara Lehrman, and Christopher Collins 
 Christopher Collins, Hartley duPont, and Paul duPont 
 Kathy Boyle 
 Helen Cook, Esther Siskind, Marc Brodeur, and Dina Elkan 
 Harriet Norris, Bob Bellhouse, Henry Bismeth, and Susan Beer 
 Ginny Butters 
 Mariam Azarm, Carole Bellidora Westfall, Rene Hunt Brown, and Sheshe Atchison 
 Christine De Lisle, Wendy Sarasohn, Ken Klein, and Victoria Anstead 
 Mica Sterling 
 Wayne Fox and Karen Hoyos 
 Alberto Veronesi and Mariam Azarm 
 Philippe Bigar and Liliana Cavendish 
 Christine Schott and  Lisa Simonsen 
 Lee Fryd and Roy Kean 
 Pericles Lantz, Andrew Flach, Katie Corrigan, Nicole Rhodes, and Thor Thors 
 Michael Gross and Christine Biddle 
 Diane Habig and Paula Honeycut 
 Frances Lagatta Shelton and Bill Brunder 
 Edward Rotter and Thor Thors 
Brian Sandstrom and Heather Tyree
Paul Goldberger, Brenda Phipps, and Ben McGrath
Marcelo Gomes, Stephanie Williams, Nicola Curry, Brie Wilson, and Allison Derusha
Kate Pickett and Eliza Nordeman
Jeff and Patsy Tarr with Rick Beinecke
Jana Pasquel DeShapiro
George Sotelo, Martine Assouline, and Robert Burke
Jeffrey Caldwell and Fernanda Kellogg
Darrell Hartman, Dana Drori, Mark Hogarth, and Christian Leone
Kelly Rutherford
Darrell Hartman, Brian Sandstrom, Cub Barrett, Daniel Cappello, and Chris Rovzar
Candace and Rick Beinecke with Daniel Cappello
Allison and Jay Aston
Alicia Loehle, Marc Troisi, and Lauren Donohoe
The Columbia Kingsmen
Carol Jenkins, Stacey Tisdale, Dr. Janice Pochaska, Sharron Epperson, Michelle Miller, and guests
Stacey Tisdale, Carol Jenkins, Ryan Nece, and Michelle Miller
Elizabeth Ziff, Cat Coore, Stacey Tisdale, Norris Webb, and Alyson Palmer
Ronnie Lott, Stacey Tisdale, and Isaac Vaughan
Naomi Minkoff, Isaac Vaughan,  Danielle Gardner, and Lawrence Fuhrman
Lori Sokol and Teresa McBride
Mimi Liebeskind and Lavelle Olexa
Lee Nesser and Nili Gilbert
Margo Tyler and Terry White
Marc Morial, Michelle Miller, Stacey Tisdale, and Priscilla Shanks
Stacey Tisdale and  Maurice DuBois
Susan Walstrom, Carla Hutton, and Natascha Kay
Kelsey Banfield
Caroline Gallager, Duncan Banfield, and Jim Gallager
 Lynne Flexner, ACO Board President and Gala Chair 
 Thomas Crawford, ACO Music Director, American Classical Orchestra, and Princeton Trinity Choir of Girls and Men 
 Liz and Dr. Jeffrey Block 
 ACO Trustee Nancy Vick, ACO Trustee Dr. Francesca Kress, and ACO Associate Trustee Wendy Ormond 
 Matthew Jayes, ACO Trustee Andrew Zacks, and Christopher Vega 
 Larry  and Wendy Levy 
 Anne-Rose van den Bossche, ACO Education Director Katie Traxler, and ACO Trustee Allan Goodridge 
 Primi Chang and Stephen Jacoby 
 Harrison Morgan, ACO Trustee Sybil Shainwald,and Guy Clark 
 ACO Trustee Rob Hahn and Claudia Hahn 
 Kate Lupo and Kristen Hahn 
 Stella and Peter Sichel 
 Guy Clark and Claudia Hahn 
 Elizabeth Rubin, Don Flexner, and Trish Vradenburg 
 Dr. Ted Feder and ACO Trustee Dr. Mirjana Blokar 
 Peter Knight, ACO Development Director Glenn Askin, and Jay Kreigel 
 Sylvia Hemingway, Fruzsina Kascko, Dr. Ted Feder, and ACO Trustee Dr. Mirjana Blokar 
 ACO Associate Trustee Wendy Ormond and Roger Rosendahl 
 Coralie Charriol, Adelina Wong Ettelson, Alina Cho, Olivia Chantecaille, and Jennifer Creel 
 Karen Peetz, Ivette Fernandez, and Avis Richards 
 Karen Peetz, Mary Alice Stephenson, Avis Richards, and Ivette Fernandez 
 Montego Glover 
Candy Hamm and Lynn Foster
Gita Costa and Lillian Fernandez
 Thomas Keller 
 Mark Badgley, Olivia Chantecaille, and James Mischka 
 Denise Vizcarra and Martin Dawson 
 Will Cotton, Dr. Susan Krysiewicz, Rose Dergan, and Thomas Bell 
 Altair Gobo and Maria Gobo 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Ren Grady and Olivia Chantecaille 
 Louis Corello and Donna D'Cruz 
 Amanda Hearst and Luigi Tadini 
 Alexandra Lind Rose and Louis Rose 
 Dennis Mangone and Madeline Hult 
 Carolina Palern Schulze 
 Clark Munnell and Esra Munnell 
 Samuel Heck, Vanessa Heck, and Bernard D'Augergne 
 Shany Ellenberg and Rica Udini 
 Emina Cunmulaj and Eli Mizrahi 
 Richard and Maryellen Oldenburg 
 Blair Husain 
 Gillian  andS ylvester Miniter 
 Kimberly Lee-Siu and Lara Piropato 
 Carla Martinez, Wilfredo Rosado, and Linda Gaunt 
 Alex Marino and Yanuel Garcia 
 Melissa Skoog and Denise De Luca 
 Courtney Grace Peterson and Andrew Young 
 Meredith Ostrom 
 Wanda Donofrio and Marcus Wilford 
 Christian Leone, Tinsley Mortimer, Prince Lorenzo Borghese, and Jennifer Creel 
 Louise Tabbiner and Matthew Kibble 
 Coralie Charriol Paul, Lionel Geneste, and Deborah Pagani 
 Dawne Marie Grannum 
 Brian Roff and Alyssa Dougherty 
 Christian Simonds and Gillian Hearst Simonds 
 Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos and Coralie Charriol Paul 
 Amanda Essex and Peter Davis 
 Capi Ruiz, Christian Hosford, and Nancy McCormick 
 Damion Luaiye 
 Caroline Snyder, Bruce McEvoy, and Marie Rentschler 
 Steve Gold and Steve Capatelli 
 Katie Thompson 
 Peggy Siegal and Edward Chapman 
 Lindsey Acree and Brittany Bickford 
 Brooke LaNier, Jason Vartikar, and Sarah Christian 
 Christopher Apostle and Annie Fiorilla di Santa Croce 
 Luka Tacon and Daniel Chetrit 
 Matthew White and Thomas Schumacher 
Board Member Sandra Warshawsky and Stanford Warshawsky
Eve Plumb
Board Member Gerald L. Hassel and Agnes Hassell
Board Member Joel I. Picket and Joan Picket
 Constance Jablonski 
 Bobby Momon and Jill Fairchild 
 Chris Tucci and Michelle Buswell 
 John Demsey and Padma Lakshmi 
 Cynthia Frank, Claiborne Swanson Frank, and Genevieve Bahrenburg 
 John Demsey, Linda Fargo, and Pete Born 
 Sharon Bush and Robert Zimmerman 
 Alina Cho, John Demsey, and Marilyn Gauthier 
 Somers and Jonathan Farkas 
Nilgun Colak, Emre Erturk, and Meera Gandhi
Neslihan Yargici
Nazlİ Erturk, Serpil Guzey, and Benan Kizilkaya
Deepti Sharma Kapur
 Ashley Parker and Gregory Delli Carpini Jr.
Joan Krevlin and Claire Danes 
Ron Cavanaugh and Julie Sengle 
Nicole Gallo and Mia Cole 
Kari McCabe and Angela Fernandez 
Michael Canter and Juan Tamargo 
Robin Cembalest, Ken Seth Armstead, and Jerry Otero 
Robert Sancho
Fashion Institute of Technology table 
Pratt Institute table 
Joseph Stabalito Interior Design table 
Tilton Fenwick LLC table 
Libby Langdon table 
Shawn Henderson Interior Design table 
 David Lauren, Lauren Bush Lauren, Ricky Lauren, and Ralph Lauren 
 Ralph Lauren, Alfredo Paredes, and David Rockwell 
 Marie Aiello and Sandra Ripert 
 Michael Musto 
 Sarah Leon 
 Dollet Kemper and Shawn Morrison 
 Anna Mesaikos and Jackie Weeman 
 Leslie Steiger, Micah Steiger, Susan Blond, Rick Wolf, and Ronni Wolf 
 David Barber and Michael Scalese 
 David Sheppard and Fern Mallis 
 Bill Shea and Frank Selbaggi 
 Eric Ripert 
 Dr. Nancy Kemeny, Dr. Young Yang Chung, Barbara Tober, and Vivian Lee 
 Dr. Helga Wall-Apelt 
 Yvonne Rabie and Lee Talbot 
 Douglas Yoo, Hyung Mo Jung, Dr. Young Yang Chung, Jin Min Kim, and David Yoo 
 Alan Kennedy and Colin McKenzie 
 Gina Yoo, Douglas Yoo, and Peter Ha 
 Soyoung Lee 
 Michael Burr and Michael Teller 
 Judith Rutherford, Dr. Young Yang Chung, Chris Hall, and Vivian Lee 
 Dr.. Daniel Libby 
 Monika Gude, Maximilian Olson, and Eleana Olson 
 Miako Miwako, Associate curator at Asia Society Museum 
 John Vollmer and Willow Chang 
 Jason Martz and Ellen Payne 
 Heng Wee, Dr. Young Yang Chung, Annie Wee, and Chris Hall 
 Walter Borton and Elizabeth Caskey 
 Members Lucy Jane Lang and Cator Sparks arriving The  Frick Collection's annual Young Fellows Ball by horse-drawn carriage. 
 Musa Okwonga and Sarah Maslin Nir 
 Chairmen in Donna Karan Claiborne Swanson Frank, Joann Pailey, Olivia Chantecaille, Sloan Overstrom, Lydia Fenet, and Clare E. McKeon 
 Steering Committee members (with Deputy Director and Peter Jay Sharp Chief Curator Colin B. Bailey in the middle) Caitlin Davis, Jennifer Wright, Clare E. McKeon, Lydia Fenet, Joann Pailey, Elisabeth Saint-Amand, Sloan Overstrom, Clare E. McKeon, and Lucy Jane Lang 
 Guests in the Oval Room, among them Chairman Clare E. McKeon (in green Donna Karan gown) 
 Wes Gordon, Olivia Chantecaille, Clare E. McKeon, Cator Sparks, Lucy Jane Lang, Alexandra Lebenthal, Jay Diamond, Caitlin Davis, Lydia Fenet, and Elisabeth Saint-Amand enjoy talking among the Renoirs in the East Gallery 
 Guests enjoy the West Gallery 
 Timothy McAndrew and Alexis Van Der Mije 
 Susan Chen, John Morabito, Patrick Mitchell, and Keeli Fink 
 Steering Committee members Sarah Irwin and Caitlin Davis with Chairman Lydia Fenet 
 Jesse Patterson and Megan Gunning 
 Hilary Fenet and Andrew Fenet 
 Amory McAndrew and Lydia Fenet 
 Enrichetta Ravina, Ninve Adams, and Timothy James in the Fragonard Room 
 Maggie Frances Schultz and William Richmond-Watson 
 The Garden Court
 Paul Arnhold, Molly Howard, Wes Gordon, Julia Arnhold, and Max Francois-Poncet 
 Annabelle C. Soudavar and Hannah Bronfman 
 Matthias Detjen and Julia Azevedo 
 Kate Reibel 
 Sarah McNear, Frick Director Ian Wardropper, and Steering Committee Member Caitlin Davis 
 Guests enjoy the Garden Court
 Phil Gaucher, Rebecca Regan, and Lacary Sharpe 
 Linnea Wilson and Ryan Hayward 
 Olivia Chantecaille with Vogue's Chloe Malle 
 R.A. Shore and Chairman Olivia Chantecaille re-enact Renoir's dancing couple for Bill Cunningham 
 Andrea Chung and Mauricio Ardila re-enact Renoir's dancing couple 
 The Garden Court 
 Tatiana Perkin and Amory W. McAndrew 
 Kim Le and Annika Connor enjoy desserts by caterer Olivier Cheng 
 Frederica Tompkins and Cyrus Massoumi 
 Trent Ward and Alexandra Duisberg 
 Aliza Licht, Danielle Vreeland, and Peter Speliopoulos (all of Donna Karan New York) on the dance floor in the Music Room 
 The crowded dancefloor during the Young Fellows Ball 
 Carolyn Murphy 
 Jane Hertzmark Huzis and Constance Jablonski 
 Beverly Mack 
 Manny Chirico 
 William T. Dillard III and Tabatha Dillard 
 Oh Land 
 Lily Donaldson 
 Paul Taylor 
 Michelle Fleet 
 Heather McGinley 
 Hugh Hildesley 
 Blair Aull and Richard Feldman 
 Beverly D'Anne and Deborah Pemstein 
 Amy Fine Collins and Somers Farkas 
 Donya Bommer, Stacey Graev, Kathleen Kocatas, Kate Allen, Jennifer Oken, Heather Georges, Sarah Goldstein, and Kandis Koustenis 
 C. Neill Epperson, MD 
 Andrea Roy, Director of Communications for Fountain House 
 Katie Tozer 
 Graziano di Boni and Mark Gilbertson 
 Jennifer Oken, Janet Gaffney, and Kristin Ursano 
 Elizabeth Dettori, Katherine Lipton, Sarah Goldstein, and Karin Pickett 
 Ilona Quasha and Lauren McMahon 
 Caroline Traugott and Kandis Koustenis 
 Dina Simonian, Ann-Renee Stathis, and Kathleen Kocatas 
 Janessa Masone, Stacey Graev, and Margaret Gourd 
 Angela Saralegui with Mariana Peterman 
 Alison Cody, Stephanie Christensen, Allison Niles, Alexandra Fisher, and friend
 Mollie Anderson and Eloise Corcoran
            with a friend
 Pam Owens, Katie Tozer, Mark Gilbertson, and Evelyn Tompkins 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson and friend
 Suzanne Salan, Jennifer Oken, Jennifer Argenti, and Fabiana Ramirez 
 Linda Garnett, Liz Anderson, and Stacy Clapp 
 Brooke Buchanan and Nydia Shipman 
 Alexandra Fisher and Annabelle Fowlkes 
 Sports Honoree Mark Sanchez and Business Honoree Pamela Liebman 
 Jack Hayflick and Dr. Christopher Starr 
 Michael and Melissa Boxer 
 Caryn Cohen, Karen Cohen, and Charlotte Cohen 
 Dustin Keller 
 Dean Landis and Mark Greene 
 Lisa Piazza, Shae Callahan, and Katie Dillon 
 Stefanie Ruch
            addresses the guests
 Natalie Auerback, Peri Edelstein, and Mila Skulkina 
 Bronwen Smith and Marc Gold 
 Lindsey O'Connell, Jamie Brown, Stefanie Ruch, and Marc Gold 
 Valerie Stoller and Marc Wasserman 
 Kristen Peltonen and Catherine Roosevelt 
 Alyssa Barrie and Jon Simmons 
 Gerri and Marc Gold with Alyssa Barrie 
 Guy Billauer and Alyssa Barrie 
 Liz Cohen and Stefanie Ruch 
 Marc Wasserman and Gabby Stoller 
 Edwin Jager and Jonathan Ruch with Marissa and David Zackowitz 
 Lauren Gilray and Cary McFarland 
 Brett Rogoff and Jessica Eisenthal 
 Santo D'Asaro and Jamie Harrington 
 Abraham and Marielle Davis 
 Katie and Tom Hansbury 
 Ted Birkhatin, Samantha Bartels, and Tray Birkhatin 
 Aparna Blakrishnan and John Buethe 
 Steven Swancoat, Jasmine Eaglin, Melissa Chemick, and Lindsey Weeks 
 Steven Swancoat 
 Sarah Defeo shooting Lindsey Weeks, Melissa Chemick, and Jasmine Eaglin 
 Jon Zeidman and Sarah Defeo 
 Marcus Lots and Patrick Sierro 
 Stefanie Ruch and John Handsbury 
 Eileen Berdam, Kim Rosencrance, and Michele Costa 
 Heather Bloom, Lauren Ruderfer, Stefanie Ruch, and Carrie Paul 
 John Hansbury and Robin Zarel 
 Aman Kapadra and Jarret Cohen 
 Christoph Croise 
 Irina Nikitina and Mariam Azarm with a friend
 Peter Ruof, Irina Nikitina, and Stephen Burlingham 
 Heidi Christenson, Richard Strother, and Lisa Tucker 
 Irina Nikitina and Ashu 
 Peter Frelinghuysen and Irina Nikitina 
 Irina Nikitina and Mario Chang 
 Rose Perez 
 Courtney Love 
 Arnold Layman, Raphaela Platow, and Julie Gruen 
 Will Ryman 
 Steve Harrington and Jamie Rojo 
 Futura 
 Yenna Hill and Joel Sirkin 
 Fab 5 Freddy 
 David Pagel and Beth Rudin DeWoody 
Installation View of Box Gallery, Parrish Art Museum.
Tony Berlant, Sandy, 1964. Printed metal, brads, and wood, 37 ½ x 19 x 19 inches. Collection Beth Rudin DeWoody, New York.
Karl Benjamin, #4, 1967. Oil on canvas, 42 x 59 inches. Collection Beth Rudin DeWoody, New York.
Eleanor Antin, 100 Boots, 1971/1973. Postcard. Collection Beth Rudin DeWoody, New York. 
 Alice Aycock, Terrie Sultan, and Beth Rudin DeWoody 
 Bob Colacello, Tripoli Patterson, and Eric Firestone 
 Christa Maiwald and David Slater 
 David Earles, Samantha Rudin, Kyle DeWoody, Eric Rudin, and Carlton DeWoody 
 Hala and James Salomon 
 John Gilbert, Diana Gilbert, and Eric Rudin 
 Matthew Satz, Alice Hope, and Maziar Behrooz 
 Michael Combs, Nico Polumbo, and Randy Polumbo 
 Peter Dayton, Bob Colacello, and Barbara Dayton 
 Robert Zimmerman, Somers Farkas, and Jonathan Farkas 
 Samantha Rudin, David Earles, and Kyle DeWoody 
 Alexander Izbitser 
 Alice Judelson, Bonnie Pfeifer Evans, Ann Colley, Felicia Taylor, and Dana Stubgen 
 Cameron Moir 
 Dana Stubgen, Alison Mazolla, and Nicole Miller 
 Franz Zach and Felicia Taylor 
 Erik Bottcher and R. Couri Hay 
 Jana Bullock and R. Couri Hay 
 Keith and Masha Gessen 
 Janna Bullock, Towson Remmel, Zoe Remmel, Helen Remmel, and Larry Remmel 
 Mark Kelner, Nic Iljine, and Paul Rodzianko 
 Nicole Miller and Tim Hunt 
 Paul Judelson and Michele Gerber Klein 
 Vitaly Komer and Vladimir Koslovsky 
 Zev Eisenberg and Lisa Anastos 
 Valerie Mogul and Kelsey Banfield 
 Catherine Carey and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Kelsey Banfield and Eliza Nordeman 
 Kelsey Banfield, Jennifer Taylor, and Mary Van Pelt 
 Nicole Garwood and Kelsey Banfield 
 Priscilla Tuohy, Jessica McEntee, and Ashley Arnold 
 Melinda Nelson and Jason Grant 
 Jamie Tisch and Zani Gugelmann 
 Liam Neeson, Linda McDaniel, and Graziano de Boni 
 Lauren Remington Platt 
 Michel Witmer and Alison Minton 
 Greg Colejo and Thom Filicia 
 Kathy and Andrew Thomas 
 Andrew Thomas, Dana Hammond Stubgen, and Cosmo Miller 
 Jamee Gregory, Peter Gregory, Ros L'Esperance, and Fran Le'sperance 
 Eva Jeanbart-Lorenzotti 
 Sara Ayres, Nathalie Kaplan, and Heather Mnuchin 
 Carol Mack 
 Rafael Gill and Michelle Smtih 
 John de Neufville and Ali Wise 
 Christopher Spitzmiller and Mary Hilliard 
 Dr. Steven Butensky and Di Petroff Butensky 
 Liam Neeson and Jamie Tisch 
 Vicky Ward and Nicky Emmanuel 
 Lydia Fenet, Sloan Overstrom, Connie Anne Phillips, and Leslie Stevens 
 Todd Delaney and Lydia Fenet 
 Edmundo Huerta and Andrea Karambelas 
 Laura Bocly and Richard Hottinger 
 Jean Williams and Susan Henshaw Jones 
 Danielle Tosi and Tolemy Erpf 
 Amanda Taylor, Reed McIlvaine, and Kelly McIlvaine 
 Yana Balan 
 Suzanna Chong and Ben Rotenstreich 
 Anna Vidus 
 Dick Potter and Oya Christopher 
 Frederick Anderson and Natalie Leeds Leventhal 
 Melissa Berkelhammer and Tim Taft 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Jay Diamond 
 Alexis Van Der Mije and Timothy McAndrew 
 Alexandra Lebenthal and Jay Diamond 
 Alexandra Kotur and Jonathan Becker 
 Lindsey and Reed Coleman 
 Frederick Anderson, Eric Javits, and Douglas Hannant 
 Susan Henshaw Jones
 Amy Fine Collins and Michael Scalisi 
 Eric Villency and Caroline Fare 
 David and Victoria Metzner 
 Chip and Burwell Schorr 
 Dara and Ted O'Hara 
 Peter Pennoyer and Kattie Ritter 
 Graziano de Boni and Heather Mnuchin 
 Alan and Julie Behr 
 Helena Lehane and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 R. Couri Hay 
 Phoebe Kemble and Jennifer McDonald 
 Kristen and Charlie Krusen 
 Amy Dwek and Philip Gorrivan 
The Associates Committee of The Society of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center's 21st Annual Bunny Hop at FAO Schwarz Fifth Avenue.
Lucy Mitchell-Innes and Kim Heirston
Roland Augustine and Marc Spiegler
Agnes Gund and Arne Glimcher
 David Byrne
Alan Cumming
Warren Spector, Public Theater Chairman of the Board
The New York Junior League's 2012 Winter Ball, Moonlight in Marrakesh.
Chris and Renee Liddell
Robert and Claire Mungiguerra 
Barbara Paxton
Anne-Marie Peterson McMahon and Cullen McMahon 
Gretchen and Chris Jeans 
Emily Davis, Molly McGrath, and Hadley McLoughlin 
Robert and Jennifer Fogle 
Kevin and Stacy Kotler 
Laura Matiz and Maria Esposito 
Suzanne and Chris Bentley 
Kathleen Cooney Clark, Betsy Smith, Caroline Williamson, and Tracy Huff 
Thomas Senecal and Christina Bott
Robyn and Peter Constanzo 
Mary and Ron Shelton 
Sarah Seacrest and Arnault Langloin 
Sarah and Alex Elliott 
Bridget Duffy and Alison Black 
Pedro Valentin and Christine Trias 
Emily and David Millen 
 Jack Lenor Larsen, Jill Dienst, Thomas Woltz, and Pat Sovern 
 Laurie and Jeff Schwartz 
 Ronald Bricke, Monica Cheslak, and Michael Hill 
 David Sprouls, Valerie Mead, and Brent Peterson 
 Vanessa Imrie and Jen Watty 
 Daniel Dienst, Emma Dienst, Martha Stewart, Jill Dienst, Kevin Sharkey, and Eric Pike 
 David Scott and Lindsey Taylor 
 Martha Stewart and Steven Gambrel 
 Mia Lopez, Lisa Kleger, and David Rogal 
 Michael Hill, Judith Gura, Ronald Bricke, and David Barrich 
 Michael Boodro, Barbara Dixon, Wendy Moonan, and Mario Buatta 
 R. Couri Hay and Janna Bullock 
 Nancy Silberkleit 
 Robin Cofer 
 Matt Sandy 
Dance Theatre of Harlem performs at its  “Vision Gala” fund-raiser
Mashea Ashton and Kendrick Ashton 
Barbara Lowe, Nancy Shearer, and Beulah Brown 
Lori Hall Armstrong and Michael Armstrong 
Isabel Kallman, Leslie Wims Morris, and Anne Robinson 
Ken Smaltz and Joy Ragsdale
Peter Sung and Stephanie Gin 
 Roger W. Ferguson, Jr., Honoree, (Global Economic Achievement Award)
 Michelle Y. Lee, Honoree (Corporate Achievement Award)
 Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr., Hon. Robert J. Mangum, and Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer 
 Mike Muse, Honoree (Artistic Achievement Award), with Loida Lewis (Scholarship presenter)
 Gayle King and Bill Thompson 
 Buddy Johnson, Senator Ruth Hassell-Thompson, and Curtis Simmons 
 Jim Gray, Christine Gray, and Martin Shafiroff 
 Sharon Bush, Felicia Taylor, and Christine Biddle 
 Barbara de Portago and Ann Rapp 
 Barbara Regna, Fe Fendi, and Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Leila Heller and Tomaczeck Bednarek 
 Hilary Heard and George Gurley 
 Michele Gerber Klein, Melanie Wambold, and Christine Gray 
 Motti Namdar and Ben Mindich 
 Richard and Donna Soloway 
 Lenny and Betsy Schuster 
 Amy Hoadley and Victor de Souza 
 Maggie Norris 
Mikaela Kelly, Bess Kargman, Michaela DePrince, Shaakir Muhammed, Naazir Muhammed, Rachel Moore, Susan Sudovar, Joey Lico, Asha Talwar, and Jay Dubiner
Emily Reifel and Joey Lico
ABT dancers Lauren Post, Christine Shevchenko, Sean Stewart, Jennifer Whalen, and Katie Williams.
Josette Winograd, Asha Talwar, and Emily Reifel
Raymond Lukens, Michaela DePrince, Mikaela Kelly, and Franco De Vita
ABT dancer Nicola Curry and Zhong-Jing Fang
Bess Kargman, Raymond Lukens, and Rachel Moore
Kyle Ridaught and Roger Wu
Alexandra Urdang and Paula Zahn
Valentine Salon Luncheon Committee. Back (l to r): Debbie Zuckerman, Lesley Leben, Phllis Jaeger, Lora Schiavetta, Ellen Lowey & Gloria Alhanti. Front (l to r):  Lisa Shawn, Shari Adler, Jacalyn Weinstein, Alexandra Urdang, Nancy Litman, and Diana Porges
Sarah Zimmerman, Betsy Rowe, Priscilla Ruffin, Suzanne Augustin, and Diana Stratta
Estelle Taffet, Irene Kunis, and Barbara Messinger
Phyllis Jaeger and Chris Namer
Ronnette Riley with vendor from Striped Giraffe
Event Chair Alexandra Urdang and event co-founder Jacalyn Weinstein
Gladys Bagley (r.) and friend
East End Hospice staff Debbie Doyle and Maggie Goldfarb
Back (l to r): Kathy Merlo, Carol Lee Nespole, Myra Merlo, Gladys Remler, and Christina Zambella.  Front (l to r):  Ellen Bender, Barbara Friedman, Sharon Kesselman, Alice Purdue, and Gloria Alhanti
Back (l to r): Betsy Brod, Sandi Mendelson, Leslie Schnur, and Lora Schiavetta. Front (l to r): Jacalyn Weinstein, Paula Zahn, Alexandra Urdang, and Ruth Scharf
Back (l to r): Ronnette Riley, Harriet Reitman, Abbey Merrill, Susan Drucker, Lisa Czyzyk,  and Marty Hecht. Front (l to r): Liz Conley, Allison Curry, Lynn Gilbert, and Jackie Merri Meyer
 Jane Providenti, Abby, Maggie, and group with Story Pirates
Kirsten DeBear and Andrew
Andrew, Laura, and Tracy Nixon
Debbie Morris and Sophia
Ben and Sophia
Ellison and Tom Fogarty
Abby, Andrew, Malik, and Laura
Rebecca Purnick, Ellison, Tom Fogarty, and Avery and Jo Ann Fogarty
 Tom Fogarty, Avery, and Laura
 John Connelly and Henry
Jacob and Ellen Danzis
 Louis Craco and Richard Reilly
 Louis and Ellison
Elizabeth Craco and Louis
Maggie and Troy
Abby and Jennifer Patterson
 Allison Posner and Sam Pasarew – Story Pirates
PJ and Andrew
 Sharon Jacob and Sarah Machiels 
 Margot Takian 
 Jacqueline Chinney 
 Muffie Potter Aston 
 Dr. Lee Klausner 
 Heather Savarese and Amy Beal 
 Nancy McCormick 
 Dr. Lee Klausner and Sarah Stein 
 The Cocktail reception
 David Garrard Lowe 
 Odile de Schiétère-Longchampt and Guy Robinson 
 Deputy Consul General Mr Patrick Lachaussée, Claire de Montesquiou, Sarah de Lencquesaing, and Jean Louise de Montesquiou 
 Bob Myers and Marie-Claude Myers 
 Charles E Dorkey III and Andrea Rose Rousseaux 
 Mary Dolan, Ruth Wooland, and Denise Linden 
 Tad and Jan Ogden 
 Deputy Consul General Mr Patrick Lachaussée, and Odile de Schiétère-Longchampt 
 CeCe Black, Elizabeth Stribling, and Alethea Black 
 Odile de Schiétère-Longchampt, Jean Shafiroff, and Chiu-Ti Jansen 
 Wendy Cooke and Elizabeth Baltz 
 Ainslie Grannis and Guy Robinson 
 Bob Myers, Marie-Claude Myers, and Martine Dulles 
 Mimi Stafford 
 Sarah de Lencquesaing, David Orthwein,  and CeCe Black 
 David Orthwein and Cetie Ames 
 Guy Robinson, Ay-Whang Hsia, and David Garrard Lowe 
 James Corcoran, Irene Roosevelt Aitken, and Christian Draz 
 Frank and Victoria Wyman 
 David Garrard Lowe, Chien Chung Pei, and Michel Longchampt 
 Executive Director of The Film Foundation Margaret Bodde 
Krista Smith 
 Elizabeth Cotnoir and Howard Shore 
 Olga Kurylenko 
 Ray Liotta 
 Abhi and Deepti Kapur 
 Alison Mazzola and Robert Couturier 
 Edgar Batista and Margo Langenberg 
 Alice Judelson 
 Jonathan Becker 
 Jullian James 
 Anthony Haden-Guest and Anthony Freund 
 Gregg Calejo and Thom Filicia 
 Brock Forsblom, June Haynes, and Sam Bolton 
 Graziano de Boni and Gigi Mortimer 
 Stanislav Sokolov and Roy Kean 
 Kate Allen, Paige Hardy, and Jennifer Oken 
 Leslie Stevens and Alvin Vally 
 Amy Fine Collins 
 Keith Scott, Tara Rockefeller, and Michael Rockefeller 
 Roy Kean and Lavinia Snyder 
 Chappy and Melissa Morris 
 Mary Davidson and Edgar Batista 
 Webb Egerton and Martha Glass 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Amy Hoadley 
 Brooks Thomas, Louise Masano, and Ward Williams 
 Shafi Roepers, Cetie Ames, and Burwell Schorr 
 Christian Langbein and Bokan Kostic 
 Somers Farkas and Frederick Anderson 
 Marie  and Christopher Jarvis 
 R. Couri Hay and Janna Bullock 
 Gigi Thai and Roxanne Salin 
 Lana Smith, Dionisio Fontana, and Polina Proshkina 
Mike and Ashley Ramos with Kelly Slater
Karyn and  Kevin Lamb
Nathalie Kaplan and Wilder Regalbuto
Savannah Buffett
Sonia Jones, Eva Dubin, and friend
Kate Gubelmann and friend
Georgina Bloomberg and friend
Paul Leone and John Cohlan
Dave Matthews performing
 Dr. Daniel A. Harber, Dr. Edith Perez, and Dr. Larry Norton 
 Seated: Dr. Daniel A. Harber, Dr. Edith Perez, and Dr. Larry Norton
Standing: Dr. Cliff Hudis, Myra Biblowit, and Peg Mastrianni 
 Dr. Cliff Hudis 
 Myra Biblowit 
 Beth Pine and Melissa Parker 
 Katherine Arrington, John Reid, and Mary Bryant McCourt 
 Darcy Gould, Carol Mack, Patricia Cook, and Ginger Feuer 
 Dr. Jose Baselga, Dr. Edith Perez, and Dr. Daniel A.Harber 
 Elly Wohl, Betsy Green, Lauren Roberts, Adrien Arpel, and Dr. Eva Hansen 
 Carol Kaufman and Darby Hold 
 Jeannie Garcia and Raysa Fanjul 
 Judy Siegel, Eva Jacobi, Myra Biblowit, and Arlene Taub 
 Laura Lassman, Dr. Larry Norton, and Mary Alice Pappas 
 Leonard Lauder 
 Jessie Araskog and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Mary Anne Kristel, Jim Drooman, and Carol Garvy 
 Mary Bryant McCourt and Maralyn Lakin 
 Michele Nadeem, Helen O'Connell, Elizabeth Jakeway, Tavia Robb, and Leonard Lauder 
 Laurie Gendelman and Andrea Stark 
 Pauline Pitt, Leonard Lauder, Hillie Mahoney, and Joanne de Guardiola 
 Sydell Miller, Richard Ziegelasch, and Louise Braver 
 Talbot Maxey, Nicola Marcus, and Muffy Miller 
 Nicola Marcus and Karen Luter 
 Associates Luncheon Chairmen dressed in Salvatore Ferragamo: Nina Garcia Conrod, Gretchen Gunlocke Fenton, Eugenie Niven Goodman, and Emilia Fanjul Pfeifler 
 Bettina Mirsepahi 
 Elizabeth Pyne, Gillian Hearst Simonds, and Lily Bund 
 Alexia Hamm Ryan 
 Jennifer Oken 
 Alexandra Lind Rose 
 Nina Garcia Conrod, Alexandra Lind Rose, and Natalie Leeds 
 Elizabeth Pyne and Sloan Overstrom 
Edward Albee and Jack Lenor Larsen
Marcia Wilson, Herb Hellman, and Nancy Hoving
Charlie Brock and Mary Jane Brock 
Regina Levin with Mark and Elizabeth Levine
Jean Patiky, Ayse Kenmore, and Lys Marigold
Edward Albee, Matko Tomicic, and Scott Sanders
Nancy Hoving, Peter Wilson, and Lou and Jane Gropp
Matko Tomicic, Dania Echemendia, Dianne B., and Tara Durkin
Aaron Lieber and Bruce Horten
Peter Wilson and Scott Sanders
Jean and Mark Patiky
Jack Larsen and Ayse Kenmore
Peter Olsen and Ayse Kenmore
Peter Wilson and Jack Lenor Larsen
Anderas and Sylvia Hommert with Matko Tomicic
Elizabeth Levine, Roseline Koener, and Regina Levin
Scott Sanders and Barbara Slifka
 Jeffrey Richards and Alan Cumming 
 Michael Riedel, Martha Lavey, Charles Busch, Jeffrey Richards, Alan Cumming 
 Yanna Avis and Robert W. Richards 
 Liza Minnelli and Arlene Dahl 
 Liza Minnelli, Arlene Dahl, and Marc Rosen 
 Alan Cumming, Liza Minnelli, Lydia Diamond, and Arlene Dahl 
 Jeffrey Richards, Michael Riedel, Martha Lavey, Charles Busch, and Alan Cumming 
 Kevin Moore, Michael Riedel, Jeffrey Richards, Heather Randall, Martha Lavey, Teresa Eyring, Charles Busch, Alan Cumming, and Ralph Bryan 
 Teresa Eyring and Martha Lavey 
 Allan and Kendra Daniel 
 Ann Dexter-Jones 
 Kim Hartswick, Maria Ann Conelli, and Robin Schlinger 
 Valmira Mavraj, Arty Dozortsev, and Sarah Bromley 
 Elizabeth Watson, Albert Watson, Alan Cumming, Sam Morgan, and Ann Dexter-Jones 
 Regina Taylor, Martha Lavey, and Heather Randall 
 Laren Stover and Alan Cumming 
 Ralph Bryan and Sondra Gilman 
Princess Kristina Kovalenko, Jieun Wax,and Eleanora Kennedy
Liz Peek, Seth Bright, and Jeff Politis
Carol Mack and Liz Peek
Jeff Politis, Linda Buckley, Michele Gerber Klein, Joele Frank, and Seth Bright
Seth Bright and Jeff Politis
Seth Bright and Jean Shafiroff 
Natalia Makarova
Sir Thomas Moore, Jose Carreno, and Melanie Hamrick toast Natalia Makarova
Natalia Makarova and Sir Thomas Moore
Natalia Makarova and Kathleen Murtha 
Natalia Marakova with Brian and Darlene Heidtke 
Natalia Makarova, Jose Carreno, Melanie Hamrick, and Judith M. Hoffman
 Luncheon guests
The scene  at The Women's Committee of the Central Park Conservancy's Annual Skating Party.
 Alissa Wassung, Benita Welch, and Rachael Oehl 
 Ben Costa, Peter Lombardi, and Peter Lyden 
 Hester Turner and George Cominskie 
 Susan Oher, Gene Colon, and Tom Knotek 
 Jaci Hirschfeld and Chiara Norbitz 
 John Gile and David Ludwigson 
 Pat Costello and Henry van Ameringen 
 Stephen Covello, Marc Gurell, and Rob Harmon 
 Randy Deutsch and Richard Fink 
 Vicente Wolf, Jeff Pfeifle, and Lisa Sherman 
 Peter Lombardi and Peter Lyden 
 Rebecca Finelli, co-chair, with Cathy Retsiger 
 Cindy and Donald Morenjela 
 Susan Hillberg 
 Harriet Gerard Clark, Director, Dawn Riley, and Jean Henning 
 Constance Cincotta 
 Meredith McRoberts 
 James and Carol Large, Rita Cleary, and John Norbeck 
 Skip and Margy Hargraves 
 Michael Goudket - Continental Army musician; fife from George Washington's Army 
 Patricia and Senator Marcellano 
 Kathy Zoller 
 James and Cynthia Stebbins 
 Lucy Cutting and Patricia Sands 
 Frank Olt and Jamie Gerard 
 James Roselle, Barry Goldsmith, Mona Barone, and Fredrick Von Stange 
 Donald and Susan Zoeller with Henri Clark 
 Theresa Skvaria and Fran Walker 
 Jennifer Bliven, Chery Manniello, and Peter Bliven 
Midnight Quadrille at the 57th annual  Viennese Opera Ball.
 Cindy Crawford and Kenneth Cole 
 Karolina Kurkova 
 Lindsay Lohan 
 Michelle Harper 
 Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Hofit Golan and Michael Lillelund 
 Julie Henderson 
 Nicky Hilton 
 Julianne Moore 
 Fabiola Beracasa 
 Kenneth Cole and Paula Zahn 
 Rachel Roy 
 Liya Kebede 
 The Drama League's 28th Annual Musical Celebration of Broadway, honoring Kristin Chenoweth.
 Little Annies 
 Elmo on the piano 
 Jason Graae 
 Marni Nixon 
 Debra Monk 
 Nick Jonas 
 Michelle Williams 
 Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue 
 Beverly D'Angelo 
 Preston Bailey and Jano Herbosch 
 Gertjen Houben, Katie Meister, and Stephen Ruddy 
 Donna and Chris Kinney 
 Thierry W. Despont addresses  the guests 
Scenes from 
                Le Cabinet de Curiosités
 Guy Robinson, Thierry W. Despont, Odile de Schiétère-Longchampt, and 
            Michael Polsky
 Michael and Tanya Polsky 
 Charlotte Moss and Odile de Schiétère-Longchampt
 Hans Apostel, Baroness Veronique Bich, Victoria Wyman, and Mariam Azarm 
 David Garrard Lowe and Linda Zagaria 
 Ann Sonet and Lou Hammond 
 Maggie Souzzi and Peter Saalfield 
 Arthur Matuszewski and Cezarv Dabrowski 
 Barbara Regna, Peter Regna, and CeCe Black 
 Jeanne Shafiroff,  Frederic de Narp, Odile de Schiétère-Longchampt, and Guy Robinson 
 Zita Davisson and Reverand John C. Smith 
 Charles Dorkey 
 Laura Feinstein and Christopher Koulouris 
 Imssy Klebe and Michel Longchampt 
 Anna Bulgari and Jackie Schneider 
 Polly Lyman 
 Sylvie Beljanski, Simone Gatton, and Michele Altier 
 Helen King and Elizabeth Scott 
 Michael and Tanya Polsky 
 Stephen Wheelock, Evelyn Crescimanni, and Paul Stuart Rankin 
 Jean Pierre and Michele Altier 
 Johanna Barger and Maggie Souzzi 
 Montgomery Frazier and Lynette Dallas 
 Hans Apostel and Mariam Azarm 
 Stephanie Murg and Marc Kristal 
 Jonathan Olsen, Mary Kantor, Adrienne Kantor, and Robert Kantor 
 Caroline Stuart, Alex Donner, and Kate Edmonds DOnner 
 Helen King and Frank Wyman 
 Adrienne Wood and Joyce Diamond 
 Anthony and Eileen Antonucci 
 Patrick McMullan and Michael Fagan 
 Jeff Maricondo, Tristan Maricondo, and Melissa Maricondo 
 Dianne Vavra and Kathy Hin 
 John Demsey and Annelise Peterson 
 Julie Gilhart 
 Jennifer Creel, Alina Cho, and Michelle Harper 
 Alexa Adams and Chioma Nnadi 
 Patti Wilson 
 Flora Gill and Mary Alice Stephenson 
 Arianna Huffington and Renaud Dutreil 
 Agapi Stassinopoulos and Selima Salaun 
 James Anderson, Steve Gambrel, and Ralph Windele 
 Pamela Baxter, Melina Vourlekis, and Terry Darland 
 Arianna and Christina Huffington 
 Andrea Burnett and Liza Alger 
 Christina Huffington, Isabella Huffington, and Rose Procopio 
 Gayle King 
 Danny Shea, Rob Fishman, Arianna Huffington, and Josh Wesoky 
 Joan Oliver 
 Karen Oliver and Jerry Tokofsky 
 Don and Maggie Segrich
 Susan Soloman and Peter J. Soloman 
 Michael Targoff and Sharzod Targoff
 Bethany and Bob Millard
 Annette O'Neal and Dan Healy
 Tom Secunda, Diane Terny, and Ray Terny
 Fiona and Alex Kirk
 Rockin Railroad entertains the chidren 
 Aaron Gell and children 
 Dana and Brian Brett with children
 Danielle Koplin, Ivy Koplin, Nathan Zipper, and Michelle Zipper 
 Bradi and Drew Nathan 
 Risa Goldberg and Leslie Venokur 
 Vignette and Phoenix Francis 
 Karol and Shai Markowicz 
 Michelle and Jaden Zipper 
Amanda Poses, Kathleen Kocatas, Allison Aston, Dr. Robert Kelly, Dr. Gerald Loughlin, Jennifer Pinkos, and Marcie Pantzer
Courtney Czepiga, Blair Butler, Dr. Dix Poppas, Tanith O'Brien, Doreen O'Brien, Bernadette Khan, Dr. Gerald Loughlin, and Sharon Granville
Dara Quinlan, Erica Samuels, Jennifer Pinkos, Kathleen Kocatas, Angela Clofine, and Andrea Ranawat
 Dr. Gerald Loughlin, Tanith O'Brien, Doreen O'Brien, and Dr. Dix Poppas 
Dr. Gerald Loughlin, Anna Kelly, and Dr. Robert Kelly
 Allison Aston, Ammara Yaqub, and Alexis Bryan Morgan 
 Allison Aston, Stephanie Coleman, Marcie Pantzer, and Heather Sargent 
 Barbara Loughlin, Dr. Gerald Loughlin, and Dr. Dix Poppas 
 Courtney Czepiga and  Blair Butler 
 Courtney Czepiga, Tanith O'Brien, and Blair Butler 
 Brice and Lizzie Markus 
Dr. Anna Kelly, Dr. Robert Kelly, Kathleen Burns, Dr. Gerald Loughlin, and Barbara Loughlin
 Jay and Katama Eastman 
 Chiragh Sareen, Divya Sareen, Dr. Varinder Singh, Susan Singh, David Gartside, Archana Vats, Manish Mittal, and Ritu Mittal 
 Stacy Shapiro, Russell Poses, and David Shapiro 
 Vinay Gupta and Rena Russell 
 Dr. Kevin Ching, Dr. Sujit Sheth, and Dr. Praveen Raju 
 Christina Floyd and Stephanie Coleman 
Jennifer Oken, Andrea Ranawat, Ammara Yaqub, Angela Clofine, and Erica Samuels
 Sasha Cohen and Johnny Weir 
 Johnny Weir 
 Sasha Cohen 
 Johnny Weir, Sasha Cohen, and Andre Balazs 
 Margot Robbie 
 Kristian Laliberte, Monique Pean, and Steve Glass 
 Lorenzo Martone 
 Jame Laforce and Stephen Henderson 
 Amy Sacco 
 Caroline Evans, Suzanne Evans, and Kate Evans 
 Brad Fisher 
 Frederick Anderson 
 Nicholas Wayne and Douglas Hannant 
 Gervaise Gerstner and Vanessa Kay 
 Hanuk Hanuk 
 Chrissy Teigen 
 Margot Robbie and Marni Papadopoplos 
 Mark Millner 
 Gary Cosgrove 
 Vanessa Kay, Jill Roberts, Christine Kaculis, and friend 
 Claude Morais and  Brian Wolk 
 Ric Pipino 
 Peter Davis, Kristian Laliberte, and Hanuk Hanuk 
 Blake Martin 
 Dina De Luca Chartouni, Alec Baldwin, and Isabella Chartouni 
 Kevin Spacey and Darren Criss 
 Rick Stevens, Sue Vaccaro, and Rick Morris 
 Matthew Lemerle and Mary Lou D' Silva 
 Adam and Olivia Flatto 
 Jane del Missier and Christian Carmago 
 George Kolasa, Sally Susman, and Justin Tarquinio 
 Kevin Spacey and Alan Cumming 
 Rachel Weinstein and Jason Pizer 
 Kate Pakenham, Frank Converse, and Maureen Anderman 
 Stephanie Madden and Bruce Guthrey 
 Irwin Ackerman, Emily Ackerman, and Mary Ackerman 
 Lex Fenwick 
 Joe Melilo and Charlotte St. Martin 
 Jennifer Diamond, Nell Diamond, and Bob Diamond 
 Sonjay Trasad and Amanda Wood 
 Clifford  and Kyla Hart 
 Debra Force, Jim Freeman, and Laura Lofaro Freeman 
 Morrison Heckscher, Martha Stewart, and Eli Wilner 
 Carmen Molina and April Hunt 
 Helen Drutt English 
 Carmen Molina and Rebecca Desman 
 Simon Hornby, Phoebe Gubelmann, Owen Davidson, and Jennifer Merschdorf 
 Floss Frucher and Sandy Frucher 
 Rick Sharp and Rose Harvey 
 Barbara Walters 
 Linda Fargo 
 Frances Hradil, Glenn Ellman, and Carol Brzozowski 
 Alan Alda 
 Tatiana Lefkowitz and Mary Lerner 
Judith and Alan Fishman, BAM Board Chairman
Agnes Gund and friend
Pat Schoenfeld
Kevin Spacey
Rachelle Lefevre and Mamie Gummer
 Annika Connor and Kristen Schiele 
 Paul Kasmin and Saint Clair Cemin 
 Kristen Schiele 
 Stephen Shanabrook and Kara Finnerty 
 Julia Lovallo and Cassandra Tighe 
 Shawn Punch 
 Sean Kelly and Anneke Swinehart 
 Craig Love, Kristin Love, and Geoff Bentz 
 Stephanie Meeks, Patty Gay, and Gary Officer 
 Anton Drye, Alexa Georges, and Dr. Jackie Moline 
 Dr. R. Dale Le Blanc, John Skvarka, and Hal Williamson 
 Patricia Clarkson and Gina Garrin 
 Olga Skidmore, Timmy Skidmore,  Alexa Georges, and Klaus Ortlieb 
 Alan Caspi, Bryce Reveley, and Hunt Slonem 
 Lally Brennan, Hal Williamson, and Janet Tallerine 
 Hal Williamson, Gary Officer, and Gabrielle Officer 
 Jessica Loyacono, Julie Cappa, Katie Ratt and friend
 Norm Lewis and Audra McDonald 
 David Alan Grier 
 Diane Paulus and Nikki Renee Daniels 
 Anthony Hemingway 
 Lee Tergesen 
 Marcus T. Paulk 
 David Oyelowo 
 Kangol 
 Celia Hart and James Earl Jones 
 Stephen Baldwin 
 Yuna Yang and Jessica Oyelowo 
 Giancarlo Esposito 
 Jessica Chastain 
 Emma Stone 
 Helen Mirren 
 Kiera Knightly 
 Alec Baldwin 
 Viola Davis 
 Michelle Rounds and Rosie O'Donnell 
 Lauren Miller and Seth Rogen 
 Matt Gallagher, Zach Iscol, Beth Murphy, and Kirk Johnson 
 Marty Syjuco and Ingrid Kopp 
 Marty Syjuco, Patty Newburger, Laura Bandle, and Eileen Newman 
 Laura Chason and Zach Iscol 
 Catherine Sprauphen, Amber Dods, and Edison Landof 
 Sarah Walker and Anna Dinces 
 Gina Migido and  Marie Beth Corazzini 
Terrence Banks, Joan Johnson, and Marvin and Lori Luis
Hon. David N. Dinkins, Marcella Maxwell PhD, Alma Rangel, Hon. Charles B. Rangel, and  Joyce Dinkins
 Carolina Herrera and Nicole Miller 
 Barbara Walters 
 Christine Baranski and Gayle King 
 Julia Koch, Joshua Bell, David Koch, and Jeremy Denk
 Brad Comisar and David Kleinberg 
 Debbie Bancroft, Christine Schwarzman, and Glenn Close 
 Liev Schreiber, Joshua Bell, and Naomi Watts 
 Muffie Potter Aston and Dr. Sherrell Aston 
 David Evans Shaw, Joshua Bell, and Glenn Close 
 Karen LeFrak and Amy Fine Collins 
 Jeff Fuhrman and John Evans 
 Hanna Cheek and Kevin Townley 
 Bryce Ryness 
 Bill Irwin 
 David Byrne and St. Vincent 
 Mark Russell and Hanna Cheek 
Hari Bhartia
Jamal Shaikh
2011 Frist Gala Co-Chairmen Elizabeth MacDonald and Sally Nesbitt
Tom and Joanne Cato
Ken and Lynn Melkus
Earl and Janet Bentz
Phyllis and Steve Fridrich
Lynne and Moorey Rhett
Nancy and Robert Downey (Lenox Hill Hospital Executive Committee)
Jeremy Steindecker, Rebecca Steindecker, and John D. Steindecker 
Serena and Gillian Miniter
 Jay Fielden, Hilary Geary Ross, and Harry Benson 
 Muffie Potter Aston 
 Cortney Novogratz and Jenny Roberts 
 Blaine Ashley and Shannon Malone 
 Ther and Patty Bigalow 
 Stuart Woods 
 David Duncan and Michael McGraw 
 Jack Terson, Phillip Odom, and Therese Mahar 
 Greg der Calousdian and Adriana der Calousdian 
 Monica Rich Kosann, Rod Kosann,and Danielle Kosann 
 Jacque Busquet and Dianne Van Laer 
 Andrea Harley and Mark Bradley Miller 
 Lynne Estes, Julia Fox, and Melanie Altarescu 
 Jay Fielden, Stuart Elliott, and Holly Whidden 
 Betty Levin, Harry Benson, and Michelle Mazzola 
 Ann Dexter Jones, Ashley Turen, and Charlotte Ronson 
 Alan Eckstein, Ashley Turen, and Timo Weiland 
 Jan Turen and Kathleen Giordano 
 Scott Turen, Edward Turen, and Seth Levine 
 Annabelle Dexter Jones 
 Michelle Javian and James Buckman Sexton 
 Gelareh Mizrahi and Alan Philips 
 Chelsea Burcz and Courtney McGowen 
 Dan Fry and Saadia Zafar 
 Kody Pangburn, Buffi Jashanmai, and Rosie Culverhouse 
 Tiffany Reid, Qua Underwood, and Dawne Marie Grannum 
 Santa Claus and Mark Ackerman 
 Kim Yung, Amy Fine Collins, Somers Farkas, and Barbara Kemper Gross 
 Stephen Harmison and Mark Ackerman 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Mary Macelree, Linda Maicocco, Vicky Neilson, and Barbara Gyde 
 Amy Fine Collins and Liliana Cavendish 
 Marc Rosen, Jean Shafiroff, and Mario Buatta 
 Ann Rapp and Edward Johnston III 
 Brian McCarthy, Carolyn Englefield, and Daniel Sager 
 Linda Hickox and Jane Keith 
 Gary Ackerman and Barbara Gyde 
 Joan Helpern 
 David Rockwell and Gael Greene 
 Sandra Lee 
 Dasha Epstein and Jennifer Lim 
 Anne Cohen and Estelle Parsons 
 Brooke Shields 
 Lisa Tepper 
Kun Opera mezzo-soprano Qian Yi and Theo Metz
Duncan Sheik
Board Chairman Pulitzer-Prize winner writer Michael Chabon
Carolyn Bryant, Susan Davenport Austin, and Del Bryant
Larry Harris, Rick Stone, and Victoria Jones
Andrew, Barbara, and Alex Senchak
Richard Gaddes  and Edmee Firth
Nikki Renée Daniels, Suzan-Lori Parks, and Susan Davenport Austin
Alessandro de Giorgis, Anne Seban, and Kevin Shea
 Strolling carolers at the Doubles Christmas luncheon
 Elizabeth Mayhew, Elizabeth Manocha, Carole Harding, Heather Sargent, Vicki Foley, and Sara Rodriguez 
 Stephen and Christine Schwartzman 
 Cassandra Seidenfeld and Ann Rapp 
 John Hendrickson, Edward McNally, and Monique McNally 
 Jean Shafiroff and Yaz Hernandez 
 Elaine Noyes, Nancy Knox Talcott, and Victoria Knox 
 Kari Tiedermann, Stephanie Kreiger, Lorna Graves, Annie Barrish, and Sharon Handler 
 Keith Meachan and Ashley Goodale 
 John Oden and Leigh Curry 
 Carolyne Roehm  and Polly Bergen 
 Mariana Kaufman, Audrey Gruss, and Sharon Handler 
 Joanne de Guardiola 
     Amy Quinn, Charlotte Stifel, Kaelyn Quinn, and Wendy and Charlotte Hansen 
 Burwell Schorr, Hampton Luzak, Ashley McDermott, Dina Deluca, Stephanie Murray, and Courtney Rae 
 Suzette de Marigny Smith, Maria Wirth, and Gloria Fieldcamp 
 Clelia Zacharias  and Lisa McCarthy 
 Karen Karlsrud, Robin Joseph, Heather Leeds, and Clelia Zacharias 
 Somers Farkas, Suzanne Johnson, and Muffie Potter Aston 
 Noreen Buckfire, Patricia Weeks, Rosalind Myerson, Suzanne Latapie, and Paula Vacchun 
 The dessert Table 
 Christian Siriano and Brad Walsh 
 Al Roker, Leila Roker, Nicholas Roker, Deborah Roberts, and Susan Sherman 
 Francois Le Henaff, Maria Crisina Anzola, and Elizabeth Kramer 
 Franco DeVita 
 Sophie Theallet, Steve Francoeur, and son 
 Catherine Stieglitz, Charles Chaitman, and Jennifer Chaitman 
 James Megibow, Alexis Megibow, Linda Allard, Evan Megibow, Andrew Megibow, and Amanda Megibow 
 Rachel Moore, Joseph Volpe, and Jean Volpe 
 Beverly D'Anne and Gui Mognaz 
 Annelise Peterson and Dreena De Niro 
 John Demsey, Donna Karan, and Prabal Gurung 
 James Breese and Dreena DeNiro 
 Peter Castro and Mashelly Messina 
 Richard Lambertson, Matthew Hunt, and Ross Fenton 
 Leslie Klotz and Deborah Hughes 
 Imogen Lloyd Webber and Peter Brown 
 Rebeccah Johnson and Ben Barzune 
 Efva Attling and Karen Boman 
 David Kuhn 
 Donald Robertson and Kim Gieske 
 Seth Kuhlmann 
 Emma Snowdon-Jones and Clay Floren 
 Spencer Tunik and Kalika Farmer 
 Antony Todd and Isabel Rattazzi 
 Rajan Mamtani 
 Brian Sawyer, John Derian, and Stephen Johnson 
 Andrew Saffir and Grazia D'Annunzio 
 Brad Learmonth and Jon Gilman 
 Gabby Basora and Zoe Potkin 
 Jeremy Callan, Julie Secor, and Andrew Stuehrk 
 Bibhu Mohapatra and Bobby Beard 
 Paul Beirne and Matthew Nicol 
 Sasha Gambaccini and Wayne Maser 
 Matthew Nicol, Robby Browne, and Anthony Greenfield 
 Felicia Taylor 
 Elizabeth de Kergorlay and Daniel Boulud 
 Elizabeth Stribling 
 Pierre and Pat Maugue 
 Andres Santo Domingo and Allison Aston 
 Michael Longchamp, Danielle Bellanger, and Michael Berty 
 Paul Fribourg 
 Stanley Tucci and Alain Ducasse 
 Philippe Lalliot and Laurence Folliot-Lalliot 
 Eric Mourlot, Francoise Gilot, and Dovile Drizyte 
 Elena Daskalova and Benjamin Gaspar 
 Francine Hand John Haskell 
 Ariane Daguin and John Chiti 
 Dovile Drizyte and Jean Christian Agid 
 Coralie Charriol Paul and Monte Singer 
 Naeem Khan and Hilary Gumbel 
 Dr. Lynn S. Friedman and Vanessa Cornell 
 Marlene Hess and  Karen LeFrak 
 Isabella Donelli 
 Jemilah Afshar 
 Jenny Dyer 
 Babette Cohen and  Dr. Carmel Cohen 
 Jennifer Gilbert 
 Roberta Dillon, Sarah Lane, and Erica Samuels 
 Blair Husain 
 From the runway ...
My Wives and I 
On the Road
Elizabeth Kumin, Natasha Boucai, and Dr. Elizabeth Lewis
Susan Gutfreund, Valentino, and Bruce Hoeksema
Jean-Paul Beaujard and Peter Dewitt
Brian and Pamela Owens
Geoffrey Bradfield and Liliana Cavendish
Host Scott Snyder, Tiffany Dubin, and David Ober
Dane Bailey and Audrey Gruss
Roger Griswold, Polly Onet, and Kipton Cronkite
Limbo at the New York Botanical Garden's Winter Wonderland Ball.
Kate Shelter, Chris Schumacher, Ttacy Smith, MAtthew Smith, Lydia Fennet, and Chris Delaney
Alexandra Lebenthal, Julia Moore, Connie Ann PhillipsNatalie Gerschel Kaplan, Alexandra Lind Rose, and Oiranne Collins Mejjati 
 Enid A. Haupt Conservatory model
New York City skyline model
Meredith Ostrom and Tinsley Mortimer
Steve Deluca and Amy McFarland 
Crystal Fanale, Yara Devlieger, Meredith Keller, Victoria Vanbakergen, and Mara Kadish 
Marcy Warren and Michael Warren 
Malcolm Kutner, Nina Garcia, and Christian Leone 
Charlotte Ronson, Christopher Wolf, Ali Wise, Luke Wheel, and Louise Tabbiner 
Tara Dhingra 
George  and Kristin Brokaw
Luis Oberto, Maria Graciela Oberto, Victoria D'Agostini, and Francisco D'Agostini 
Derek Warburton 
Farrow Crowley, Cynthia Smith, and Andrea Swaine 
Dr. Trevor Born and Dr. Lisa Airan 
Rica Udani, Sarah Watts, Shani Ellenberg, Rob Fitzpatrick, and Trish Riedel 
Adrian Ulrich and Louise Gong 
Peggy Siegal, Christopher Cuomo, and Cristina Greeven Cuomo 
Capera Ryan, Gigi Howard, and Dr. Liz Naftalis 
Amanda Kahn, Anne Mulden, and Alexandra Sagalas 
Elliot Merck, Juliet Fehrenbach, Yvonne Najor, and Theodore Van Buren 
Joy Marks and Donald Venezia 
Heather Moss and John Moss 
Conductor 
Thomas Farley, Lori Lengua, and Darryl Robinson
Alexandra Lebenthal, John Bitel, Alexandra Bitel, and Michelle Smith 
Dr. Susan Krysiewicz and Tom Bell 
Giovanna Campagna and Brooke Monohan
Christian Simonds and Gillian Hearst Simonds 
Andrew Lutjens and Nina Stewart 
Phyllis Yoo, Valerie Mason, Anna Changto, and Erica Stein 
Donna Simonelli and Julia Moore 
Dancing!
Children's artwork at Color Rwanda
Kate Cunningham (Executive Producer, LBi Syrup), Jules Shell (Executive Director, Foundation Rwanda), Jakob Daschek (LBi Syrup) and Marcus Samuelsson
LBi Syrup CEO Omino Gardezi
Chico Mann and Abena Koomson perform
DJ Akalepse and Rich Medina
Captain Eric Tausch and John Fernandez
Lucas Detor and Sharon Bush
Simon Jowett, Steven Sribnik, and Lewis Amaro
Peter Carrara and Neil Holstein
Steven Bettini, George Chrisafis, Harry Robinson, and Bill Sussman
 Deborah Strobin, Anne Roiphe, and Ilie Wacs
Barricade Books publisher Carole Stuart and Deborah Strobin
Broadway's Lee Roy Reams with Ilie Wacs
DC Holocaust Museum's Sheila Johnson Robbins and Ilie Wacs
 Douglas Hannant with Douglas Hannant Bear 
 Sharon Bush, Ashley Bush, Lauren Bush Lauren with Erica Domesek Bear, Susan Rockefeller Bear, and Vena Cava Bear 
 Liliana Cavendish and Hunt Slonem 
 Laren Stover and Cynthia Rowley Bear 
 Sharon Bush ans Susan Rockefeller 
 Jean Shafiroff and Yaz Hernandez 
Claire Danes and Valentino Garavani
China Chow 
Dr. Lisa Airans
Hugh Dancy 
Helen Lee Schifter and Tim Schifter 
Stephanie Pratt 
Sandy Brant and Ingrid Sischy 
Tamara Mellon 
Chuck Price and Candy Pratts Price 
Yigael Azrouel
Alex Kramer
Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman 
Georgina Chapman
Alexandra Lebenthal
Hamish Bowles
 Mark Consuelos and Kelly Ripa 
 Stacey Bendet 
 Hugh Jackman and Deborra-Lee Furness 
 Ingrid Vandebosch and Jeff Gordon 
 Hamish Bowles and Joel Barkley 
 Suzanne Santry, Leonard Porter, William Bates, and Paul Gunther 
 Pamela Darling and Janet Ross 
 Christina and Richard Davis 
 Clem Labine 
 Emily Eerdmans and Elizabeth Graziolo 
 Gary Brewer and Nancy Goslee Power 
 Harpist Emily Hopkins 
 Kelly Price bidding on trip 
 Nancy Boszhardt 
 Robert A.M. Stern 
 Roby and Robert Whitlock 
 Stacey McArdle and Chris Danilian 
 Tim Deal and Michelangelo Sabatino 
 Barbara Regna and Tiffany Koury 
 Andrea Fahnestoch, Mark Gilbertson, and Emilia Saint-Amand 
 Gail Buchwald and Margo Langenberg 
 Marina Killery and Mitchell Owens 
 Mary Snow and Arianna Boardman 
 Michael Bruno and Alexander Jakowec 
 Russell Nardozza, Fernanda Kellogg and Kirk Henckels 
 Susie Essman 
 Anne Hearst and Jay McInerney 
 Julie Hayek and Richard Cohen 
 Michelle and Robert Smigel 
Daniel Boulud and Sharyn Mann 
Barry Tucker, Roslyn Jaffe, and Elliot Jaffe 
Inja Kim Kahn, and Raymond Kahn 
Stephanie Winston Wolkoff and Barbara Winston 
Christine Rappoport, Steve McKenna, and Amie Rappoport McKenna
David Wolkoff and Stephanie Winston Wolkoff
 Nancy Cain Marcus, Rebecca Dunn, and Melinda Hassen 
 Patsy Callahan and Mitchell Cantor 
 Herve de la Vauvre and Paul Krauss 
 David  and Catherine Hamilton 
 David Hamilton and Gregory Hedberg 
 Jerome Fouan and Elizabeth Stafford 
 Rebecca Dunn and Helen Marx 
 Christopher Walling, Nancy Cain Marcus, and David Hamilton 
 Anne and Paul Krauss 
 Evelyn Lorentzen-Bell and Libby Horn 
 Princesse Kristina Kovolenko, Cassandra Longoria, and Catherine Hamilton 
 Steering Committee members Sloan and Katherine Saunders 
 Steering Committee members Ian and Zoe Wilson 
 Sunny Newsome and Carla Franklin 
 Steve Roy, Jen Reilly, and Mike Reilly 
 Andy Nahas 
 Jordan and Susan Press 
 Steering Committee member Jameson McFadden and friend 
Andrea March
Angelo David and Ann Lawlor
 Charles R. Wall and HRH Alexandra of Greece 
 Rob and Julia Kao 
 Elizabeth Taberas, Emily Carey, and Kim Hastie 
 Kim Hastie and Matt Quam 
 Gadi Behar and Lauren Imperial 
 Joan Granlund, Bill Walsh, and Mary Walsh 
 Wendy Goldstein 
 Lauren Imperial and Gadi Behar 
 George Steel and Nicolas Mirzayantz 
 Susan Baker, Michael Lynch, and Ann McNulty 
 Oises Kaufman, Heather Randell, and Mary Sharp Cronson 
 Michael Reinert, Merril Wasserman-Serling, and Joe Serling 
 Dennis Gillings and Mireille Gingras 
 Randy Phelps with Peter and Debby Weinberg 
 Chris and Julie Church 
 Lauren Stein, David and Christine Zadik, and Traver Hutchins 
 Jeanine Getz and Anne Ogilvy 
 Nada and John Krediet 
 Patricia Kennedy surrounded by the military families 
 Snoopy always a favorite 
 Spiderman 
 Sponge Bob drew cheers from the kids 
 There were over 1,500 cheerleaders marching 
 Kermit the Frog 
View from the brunch 
 Marching in perfect formation 
 Watching the parade for the first time 
 Writing a message to Santa 
 Preparing for the balloon toss 
 Col Ralph Kauzlarich, Col. Robert Karmazin, Patricia Kennedy,  Maj. Kirk Liddle, and Col. Patrick Mahaney 
 Patricia Kennedy with Mstr Sgt Jason Leach, wife Kimberly and children 
 Karen Karmazin with her husband Col. Robert Karmazin 
 Mitchell Benyon, Elena Karmazin, John Reso, and Sarah Karmazin 
 Patricia Kennedy, Col Ralph Kauzlarich, and Stephanie Kauzlarich 
 Patricia Kennedy, Maj Kirk Liddle, wife Shelby and children 
 Stephanie Mahaney wearing Peace One Earth Medallion with Patricia Kennedy 
 Kay Toll, Doug Blonsky, and Joyce Cowin 
 Margaret Hedberg, Mikel Witte, and Lila Prounis 
 Michael and Eleanora Kennedy, Katherine Cauley, and Paul Comeau 
 Laura Hall and Judith Churchill 
 Jackie Yale and Heidi Sheinman 
 Linda Kurtz, Suzie Aijala, Kamie Lightburn, and Paxton Quigley 
 Marcia Mishaan, Anna Kennedy Safir, and Wendy Carduner 
 Nancy Missett, Eleanora Kennedy, Wendy Carduner, Robyn Joseph, and Betsy Messerschmitt 
 Anki Leeds, Anne Harrison, and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Linda Kurtz, Suzie Aijala, and Denise Hoogland Malkin 
 Marilyn Calderwood and Dodge Olmsted 
 Mary Karen O'Shaughnessy, Nyssa Kourakos, Sally Minard, and Catherine Colley 
 Giosetta Capriati, Mai Hallingbly, and Hillie Mahoney 
 Lisa Sandler and Donny Deutsch 
 Victoria Leacock Hoffman and Hal Rubenstein 
 Josh Charles and Christine Baranski 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Coralie Paul and Dennis Paul 
 Tia Walker and Melissa Meyers 
 Tracy Pollan and Michael J. Fox 
 Dini von Mueffling and Julianna Margulies 
 Kiane von Mueffling and Coralie Charriol Paul 
 Elise Feuerman, Jerry Gertz, and Carol Gertz 
 Margaret Colin 
 Tova Lefevre, Pablo Schreiber, and Rachelle Lefevre 
 Max Lugavere 
 Pennsy Nadler with Daniel and Steven Cayre 
 Carnegie Hall Trustee Mercedes T. Bass 
 Notables Committee Members Christin Barringer Rueger, Carrie Cloud, and Caroline Rocco Dennis 
 Charles Askegard 
 Anne Bass and George Farias 
 Jamie Figg, Debbie Bancroft, Patricia Duff, and Stuart Sundlun 
 George Farias, Susan Stroman, and Alison Mazzola 
 Jim Horowitz, Eleanor Horowitz, Sarah Horowitz, and Emma Venarde 
 Joan Topper, Francesca Anderegg, Benjamin Laude, and Hajnal Pivnick 
 Joaquin De Luz 
 John Mazzola, Sylvia Mazzola, and Sam Peabody 
 Sara Mearns, Patricia Shiah, Christine Weaver, and Amy Mazzola Flynn 
 Michele Wiles and Misty Copeland 
 Caroline Rowley, Nathaniel Fogg, and Beckett Fogg 
 Ashley Kadakia and Celia de la LLama 
 Amelia Osborne, Emmeline Kuhn, and Krista Schulz 
 Chris Breck and Lila Warburton 
 Kimberly Skelton and Charles Buarom 
 Sean Boyles and Elizabeth Edelman 
 Andrea Correale 
 Luigi and Laura Maddaloni 
 Seth Rose and Jennifer Boyle 
 Melissa Andrushko and Charles Ferri 
 Jordan Brill and Christine Taddeo 
 Jonathan Goldberg, Joy Purver, Steve Van Ooteghem 
 Elaine Sargent 
 Larry Wohl and Leesa Rowland 
Marc Adam Smith, Leanne Linsky, and Mike Veasey
Whitney Fairchild
 Bob Wachs and Uniting Against Lung Cancer Board Member Tess Wachs, Robyn Chalme, Uniting Against Lung Cancer Board Member Raymond Chalme 
 Bonnie Faso and Kathy Wakile
 NBC's Brian Williams, Uniting Against Lung Cancer Board Member Roxanne Donovan, and Bill Ritter 
 Uniting Against Lung Cancer Board Member Daisey Holmes, Marty Hoffman, Estella Lau, and Rich Moskowitz 
 Dan Jurkowitz, Rekha Nair, Mike Devine, Jennifer Baskin, and  Aaron Tighe 
 Douglas Durst, Louise Barrack, and Warren Estis 
 Jonathan Bennis, Andy Levine, Howard Lorber, and Neal Sroka 
 Leslie Harwood, Ellen Israel, Uniting Against Lung Cancer Board Member Roxanne Donovan, and Lori Golub 
 Uniting Against Lung Cancer Board Member Ronald D. Sernau, Jonathan Mechanic, and Michael Werner 
 Chris Alavero and Michael Romano 
 Mark Pasmantier, Marilyn and Charlie Marsden, and Fountain Gallery artist Martin Cohen 
 Fountain Gallery artist Anthony Newton 
 Lorraine Ambrosini and Steve Friedman 
 Alex Moazed, Elizabeth Hirsch, and Adam Charles Greenberger 
 Fountain Gallery artist LB with Agnes Gund 
 Selby Drummond 
 Natalie Leventhal, Shoshanna Gruss, and Nina Garcia 
 Elizabeth Pyne 
 Claudia Overstrom and Mish Tworkowski 
 Muffie Potter Aston 
 Charlotte Ronson and Ali Wise 
 Tabitha Simmons 
 Holly Doran, Vanessa Brown, Palmer O'Sullivan, and Cara McCabe 
 Jennifer Oken and Dr. O'Reilly 
 Laura Vassar and Hayley Bloomingdale 
 Veronica Beard and Allison Aston 
 Ali Wise and Lacary Sharpe 
 Edward Yedid at Holiday House.
 CK Swett 
 Dr. Dara Richardson-Heron 
 Iris Dankner and Stephen Fanuka 
 Alex Caceres, Iris Dankner, and Jemma Cortijo 
 Ally Coulter and William Li 
 Andrea Avram Rusu 
 Andrea DuBois, Maurice DuBois, and Iris Dankner 
 Ann Maine 
 Christina Juarez and Michael McGraw 
 Charles Pavarini III and Iris Dankner 
 Guy Regal and Jennifer Flanders 
 Inson Dubois Wood 
 Isabella Garrucho and Malu Cruzpiani 
 Iris and Jay Dankner 
 Iris Dankner, Sara Gore, and Gail Gore 
 Aline Matsika 
 James Rixner 
 Jennifer Duneier 
 Jill Esterman and Micheline Taillardat 
 Lana Lawrence and Bonnie Steves 
 Lee Durocher, Diane Durocher, Iris Dankner, Thomas King, and Timothy G. Miller 
 Louis and Amy Kreisberg 
 Stephania Duncan 
 Suzanne Eason 
 Tori Mellott and Debra Landis 
 Charles Jencks, architect, theorist, who invented the term "Postmodernism." 
 David M. Schwarz and Boston critic Robert Campbell 
 Yale professor Emmanuel Petit 
 Mark Ferguson 
 Kaveri Singh and Martino Stierli, lecturer, Department of Architecture, ETH Zurich 
 Joel Sanders, Suzanne Stephens, and Anne Edgar 
 Natalia von Basel 
 Andrés Duany 
 Richard Dragisic and Bill Brockschmidt 
 Paul Gunther 
 Joel Barkley and RAMSA architect Gary Brewer, who conceived the event 
 Robert Adam of Adam Architecture, London 
 David Lubars, Joe Torre, Vicki Sbarro, Christine Pendergast, Christopher Pendergast, David Wright, Dorine Gordon, Mike Richter, Alan Griffith, and Richard Rose 
 President and CEO of the ALS Chapter of Greater New York Dorine Gordon with Honorees Ross Greenburg, Mike Richter, Christopher and Christine Pendergast, Bob Hurley Sr, Joe Torre, and David Wright 
 Benefit co-chair and member of the Board of Directors David Lubars and honoree Ross Greenburg 
 Marian Javits with nephew Eric Javitz Jr. 
 Honoree Bob Hurley Sr, President and CEO of the ALS Association Greater New York Chapter Dorine Gordon, and Honoree Joe Torre 
 Honoree Christopher Pendergast and family with David Cone 
 Honoree Mike Richter and Rod Gilbert 
 Honorees Mike Richter, Joe Torre, and David Wright 
 Board member Kevin Glassman, M.D. and his wife, Terry Glassman 
 Louis and Amie Kreisberg with Ken Dashow 
 Bettina Zilkha 
 Peter Gregory and Barbara Bancroft 
 Susan Gutfreund
 Eleanora Kennedy and Adrienne Vittadini 
 Jacqueline Weld Drake 
 John Meeks, Maggie Norris, and Jim Aman 
 Debbie Bancroft 
 Ralph Destino and Diane Ackerman 
 Mai Hallingby-Harrison and Sharon Bush 
Dr. Clarence Schutt and Dr. Marilyn Simons
Sandy Tytel with Kareem
Harold Varmus and Dr. Connie Casey
 David McFadden, Pascale Mussard, and Pierre-Alexis Dumas 
 Elaine Chin and Grace Sun 
 Massimo Losio, Heather Fennimore, and Jon Strassner 
 Renee Landegger and Erica Wilson 
 Ellen Palop, Patrick Roux, Judi Kamien, Simon Spinks, and Loredana Costantino 
 Marjorie and Larry Pitterman 
 Young Huh, Audrey Margarite, and Charles and Karen Phillips 
 Bonnie Young and Bonnie Pressman 
 ark Veeder, Esther Perman, Margaux Caniato, and Barbara Dixon 
 Robert Marinelli and R. Adam Smith 
 Janine Gordon, Alvin Schechter, and Linda Plattus 
 Katharina Platt and Millie Bratten 
 Sully Bonnelly, Ellen Taubman, Laurie Beckelman, and Donald Tober 
 Alexandra Vulliez, Cecily Carson, and Krissi Mahano 
 Elizabeth Musmanno, Brigitte Ullens, Pascale Mussard, and Glenda Bailey 
 Suzanne Tick and Cristina Grajales 
 Nick Sullivan, Isabelle Ettedgui, Victoria Ewen, and Sean Rocha 
 Cindy Allen 
 Suzanne Tick, Cristina Crajales, Pilar Viladas, and Beth Dickstein 
 Noel Hernandez and Joan Jedell 
 Michael and Eleonora Kennedy 
 Gillian Miniter, Suzanne Johnson, and Fiona Rudin 
 Deborah Roberts and Star Jones 
 Henry Stern and Douglas Blonsky 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 David Foley, Victoria Foley, and Thomas L. Kempner Jr. 
 Jason and Julie Miller 
 Allison and George Brokaw 
 James Scott and Barbara Scott 
 Jennifer Rich and Ambassador John Loeb Jr. 
 Sandy Harris and Darren Henault 
 Jeff  and Patsy Tarr 
 Stacy and Keith Miller 
 Anne Harrison and Robert Steel 
 Alexandra Gildin and Luke Sacca 
 Pamela Ryckman and Suzanne Gerard Foote 
 Stephanie Schuman, George Clairmont, Ann Clairmont, and Coco Kopelman 
 Karen Altamirano and Javier Molto 
 Judy Angelo, Rebecca Dana, and Jessie Angelo 
 Donald Smith and Viola 
 Patricia Shiah and Tom Shiah 
 Richard Burke, Jeanne Keating, and Bill Martini 
 Barbara Gladstone and Francesco Bonami 
 Amanda Fuhrman and Amy Phelan 
 Julie Mehretu and Mickalene Thomas 
 Janis Cecil 
 Richard Cohen and Julie Hayek 
 Seam Bluechel and Mika Rottenberg 
 Nasim Pedrad, Abby Elliott, Vanessa Bayer 
 Paul Brittain and Jay Pharoah 
 Bill Hader, Bobby Moynihan, Fred Armisen, and Taran Killam 
 Gala Chair Lorne Michaels 
 Jason Sudeikis, guest, and Seth Meyers 
 Jason Sudeikis 
 Museum’s Chairman of the Board of Trustees Lewis W. Bernard and Ted Mathas 
 Alan Rappaport and Museum President Ellen V. Futter 
 Museum Gala Chairs Kathy and Tom Freston with Sherri Creighton 
 Kristen Wiig 
 Host Brian Williams and Jimmy Fallon 
 Lowery Stokes Sims and Kate Levin 
 Steve Higgins and Anne Stringfield 
 Ricky Van Veen, Allison Williams, and Brian and Jane Williams 
 Jamie Niven and Lee Auchincloss 
 Martha Wainwright and Rufus Wainwright 
 Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl 
 Julie Andrews 
 Lynn Wyatt 
 Rachel York 
 Anne E. Delaney, Royce Pinkwater, and Anita Channapati 
 CeCe Black 
 Joyce B. Cowin and Carmel Owen 
 Inez Weinstein and Diana L Taylor 
 Diana L. Taylor and Antoinette La Belle 
 Anna Oliveira, Katherine G. Farley, and Diana L. Taylor 
 Loreen Arbus 
 Katlean De Monchy and Margo Langenberg 
 Sarah Vasil, Jeff Lurie, and Mary Eannarino 
 Nick Gruber and Calvin Klein 
 Tom Sachs and Sarah Hoover 
 Charles van Campenhout, Virginie Mouzat, and Risdeard Keating 
 Colette with Juan Puntes 
 Franco V and Christina Jeffs 
 Samuel Pravo and Ramon Espantaleon 
 Kiera Griffin and Ray McCullough 
 Patricia Burnham and William Brock
 Lisa Semple, Graham Arader, and MargeTernes 
 Walter Terry and Nancy Hoguet 
 Gerard and Cassandra Schriffen with Peter and Ainslie Grannis 
 Randi Glickberg and Claude Noeddo 
 Soigne Kothari and Lil Phillips 
 Jennifer Oken and Tyler Gafney 
 Mike Reinstein, Olivia Fox, and Kiliaen Van Rensselaer 
 Amy Atkinson and Karen Palm 
 Sunny Biasi and Lizzie Walsch 
 Kate Allen and Mark Gilbertson 
 Lorna Graev, Ken Dudek, and Pauline Anderson 
 Micahel Dorrian, Vaughn Dorrian, Caitlin Tashjian, and John Tashjian 
 Lidsay Bracket and Melinda Pyne 
 Elizabeth Pyne and Alexander Mejia 
 Katie Zorn and Danny Reifer 
 Joe Chang, Grace Epstein, and Ben Howe 
 Beth Amorosi and Mark Fabry 
 Mark Newhouse and Alison Levasseur 
 Lisa Pongrass, Robert Meya, and Emma Le Flay Laird Craig 
 Greg Wolfe, Jen Marden, Lorry Newhouse, and Britten Wolfe 
 Eric Cheng, Salvina Vitale, Karina Lomrozo, and Nabeel Qureshi 
 George Steel and David Hsia 
 Nabeel Qureshi, Eric Cheng, and Greg Wolfe 
 Lisa Pongrass and Steve Pongrass 
 David Aaron Baker, Dan Futterman, Lauren Ambrose, and Joan Allen 
 David Aaron Baker, Lauren Ambrose, Jacki Lyden, Joan Allen,and Dan Futterman 
 Dan Futterman, Jacki Lyden and Fountain House President Kenn Dudek 
 Lauren Lawrence, Julianne Michelle, Dan Futterman, and David Aaron Baker 
 Alice Brown and Charles Marsden 
 Anne Holland and Niels Svenstrup 
 Catherine Croner, Karen Croner, and Sam Katz 
 David Gerbitz, Kevin Corcoran, Caroline and Scott Simon, Carol Klinger, and Lanie Bayless 
 EllynAnne Geisel 
 Irv and Elaine Schwartz with Carol and Richard Bernstein 
 David Lee, Mark Nichols, Jacki Lyden, Kevin Corcoran, David Gerbitz, and Dann Tucker 
 Bloo Lyden, Jacki Lyden, Cyndi Lyden,and Arlene Marshall ("Sheba") 
 Scott Simon and Jacki Lyden, Jeff Aron, and Robyn Marks 
 Anne Mai and Kelly McClung 
 KC Williams and Arlene Skierawski 
 Christopher Scholz, Ines Elskop, and Hamilton Kean 
 Alexandra Smith and Andrew Schonebaum 
 Lee Bryant and Barbara Olcott 
 Kathy Grano leaves an appreciative note for the hostess 
 Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman, Dana Buchman, Patsy Kahn, and Dr. Bradley Peterson 
 Dr. Laura Lemle, Kelly Langberg, Leslie Siben, and Judy Capano-Michaelson 
 Ted Kamoutsis, PROMISE Executive Director, with Lisa Spiro 
 Beth Terrell and Jeffrey Banks 
 Elisabeth Haveles, Margie and Fred Altschuler, and Pasty Kahn 
 Corey Gelman, Dana Buchman, and Bill Panesse 
 Farrah Moinian and Patsy Kahn 
 Nina Santesi and Hal Rubenstein 
 Dr. Meghan Tomb, Dr. Jennifer Kerrigan, and Samantha Spillane of  PROMISE Program at Columbia 
 Steven Michaelson, Alexandra Lerner, and Dana Buchman 
 Ted Chapin and Celeste Holm 
 Brian Duperreault, Joshua Bell, Celeste Holm, and Frank Basile 
 Stewart Lane and Bonnie Comley 
 pPerforming the capoeira dance by the African Brazilian Carnival and Arts Horizons students 
 Frank Basile 
 Marc Summers 
 2011 Pratt Legend William Wegman 
 Legends 2011 Award designer Jason Rivera 
 Agnes Gund 
 Charles Storer, June Kelly, and Kevin Kingsley 
 Steven Holl, Sara Stracey, and Robert Siegel 
 David Marquis, Juliana Curran Terian 
 Marjorie Kuhn and Bridget Foley 
 Robert I. Grossman, Frank Olson, Sarah Olson, Ken Langone, and Gary D Cohn 
 Robert I Grossman, MD and Dr. Elisabeth Cohen 
 Kitty Brady, Nicolas Brady,and Tom Riles 
 Lisa Pevaroff Cohn, Jennifer Padovani, and Elsa Raskin 
 Nana  and Robert Wolf 
 Bob Konigsberg and Ann Juster 
 Bette Midler, Debra Messing, Michael Kors, and Jane Krakowski at the Restoration Project's annual Hulaween gala.
 Stevie Wonder and Bette Midler 
 Stevie Wonder 
 Bette Midler, Hugh Hildesley, and Judy Gold.   Hugh Hildesley was the auctioneer who also did a bit of "singing and dancing" with Bette and Judy Gold. His cajoling brought in $500K for the organization
The packed ballroom of the Waldorf
 Amy Freitag and Cindy Smith 
 Renée Fleming 
 Michael Kors 
 Judy Gold and Elysa Halpern 
 Jimmy Nederlander, Bette Midler, and Margo Nederlander 
 Sandra Lee 
 Hilary and Ben Macklowe 
 Rubem Robierb and Sam Champion 
 Todd DeGarmo 
 Thomas Tolan and Narciso Rodriguez 
 Michael Kors and Martha Stewart 
 Kim McCarty, Amy Freitag, Michael McCarty 
 Grant Shaffer, Alan Cumming, and Narciso Rodriguez 
 Martha Stewart with 'Slash' 
 Martha Stewart, middle, and Robert Diamond, right 
 Sandra Lee and friend
 Timothy Jessell, Renée Fleming, and Martha Stewart 
 Judy Gold and Elysa Halpern 
 Rosalind and Kenneth Landis 
 Sophie Von Haselberg and Ellen Levine 
 Sam Champion and Asanni Swann 
 Sophie Von Haselberg, Bette Midler, and Martin Von Haselberg 
 Ann Ziff 
 Elettra Wiedemann and James Marshall 
 Robert Diamond 
 Braden Rhetts 
 Hulaween GhostiesandGoodies-goers 
Julian Raby, Director of the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery, Dame Jillian Sackler, and Smithsonian Secretary Wayne Clough
Dame Jillian Sackler, Smithsonian Secretary Wayne Clough, Virginia Clark, Smithsonian Director of Advancement and Philanthropic Giving, and Jill Spalding
Paul Neely, Virginia Clark, and Jim Limtott
Giosetta Capriati, Shane Doty, and Mary McFadden
Yolanda Santos, Richard Gaddes, Ann Kinney, Gilbert Kinney, Tony Bechara, and Patty Tang
Giosetta Capriati with Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Buckfire
Dame Jillian Sackler and Jane Scovell
Irene Roosevelt Aitken and Konrad Keesee
Sir David Remfry, Dame Jillian Sackler, Secretary Wayne Clough, and Caroline Hansberry
Sir David Remfry, Elbrun Kimmelman, and Ajit Hutcheesing
Jackie Weld Drake and Sedi Flugelman
Chiu-Ti Jansen, Giosetta Capriati, and Noel Lateef
David and Laurie Ying
 Fantasy Table created by Floralia Decorators 
 Fantasy Table created by Penny H. 
 Marina Abramović and Pauline Willis 
 Philippe de Montebello, Earl A. Powell III, Marina Abramović, and Klaus Biesenbach 
 Sloan Overstrom and Caitlin Davis 
 Jeffrey Loewy and Ruth Appelhof 
 Michael Solovay and Stephanie La Nasa 
 Gala Co-Chairs Capera Ryan, Clare McKeon, and Lydia Fenet 
 Hugh Chisholm and Daisy Prince 
 Richard and Barbara Lane, Sandra and Stanford Warshawsky 
 Jason Herrick and Kimerly Rorschach 
 Gigi Mortimer, Anjali Melwani, and Ritchey Howe 
 Elizabeth Pyne, Danielle Ganek, Anjali Melwani, Marina Purcell, Betsy Pitts, and Sloan Overstrom 
 Anjali and Prakash Melwani 
 John Griffin and Robert Pitts 
 Muffy and Don Miller  with Kathryn Bohannon Schroeder 
 Hilary and Wilbur Ross with Richard and Karen LeFrak 
 Cosby George 
 Sloan and Alex Overstrom 
 Vanessa Willett and Kitty McKnight 
 Marcela Perez de Cuellar and Christopher Ohrstrom 
 Ronald Lauder Jo Carole Lauder and Bonnie Burnham 
 Agnes Gund 
 Doyen McIntosh and Robert Geniesse 
 Ingrid Yrivarren and Claudia Ganoza 
 Helen Lehman Lash and Giosetta Capriati 
 Paul Waller, Suzanne Gooch, Christopher Ohrstrom, and Bonnie Burnham 
 Craig Starr, Beth Rudin De Woody, and George Farias 
 Lilla Ohrstrom and Morgan Delaney 
 Bee Medinger, Robert Klein, and Suzanne Klein 
 Joan Hardy Clark and Elbrun Kimmelman 
 Mark Weber and Xavier de Romana 
 Michelle Oka Doner, Linda Powell, and Alma Powell 
 Jean Tatge and Alex Herzan 
 Giosetta Capriati, Suzanne McDonough, Willam McDonough, and Katherine Theodoli 
 Pier Guerci and Abby Raphel 
 Betty Eveillard and Jean-Marie Eveillard 
 Fran and Cindy Letro
 Michael Boriskin with Geoffrey and Caron Johnson
 Marcus Samuelsson with Susan Dworkin
 Robert and Cristina Weisz
 James Wilding 
 Helena Giersch, Kelly Rutherford, Mary Alice Stephenson, and Willem Stephenson 
 Mary Alice Stephenson and Willem Stephenson 
 Scyler Van Der Wal and Frederique Van Der Wal 
 Jacques and Samuel Roizen 
 Laurent Boidevezi, Berengere Boidevezi, and children
 Catherine and Teddy Aaron 
 Mary Alice Stephenson and Willem Stephenson 
 Vanessa von Bismarck, Laszlo Weiner, and Max Weiner 
 Clara Haranek and Yolanda Edwards 
 Guests at table at MassGeneral Hospital for Children's 12th Annual Storybook Ball.
NYC Health Commissioner Thomas Farley and M. Monica Sweeney
Olivia Wolfe and Phyllis Mailman
Fran Weisler, Bill Rondina, Angie Miller, and Mickey Ateyeh
 Luann Sampson pointing out Carlisle's must-have looks for the season
Leena Gurevich and Lisa Fleming
Andy Ginsburg, Elena Ginsburg, and Valentina Baptiste
Carlos and Missy Falchi
Angela Smith, Viva Bhogaita, and Lisa Fleming
Elena and Alan Ginsburg with Valentina Baptiste
Karen Klopp and Elisa Kramer
Caroline Bonilla, Laura Bass, and Lindsay SanFilippo
Mickey Ateyeh and Joan Rose
Dr. Michael Coughlin
Anne Akers, Bill Rondina, Eileen Balaban-Eisenberg, and Caroline Bowen
Luann Sampson and Viva Bhogaita
Norah Lawlor and Mark Gilbertson
 Bats covering the walkway into Storybook Ball 
 Alyson and Jeff Lindsey with Alli and Bill Achtmeyer (Alyson and Alli, co-chairs of event) 
 Wyc and Corrine Grousbeck
 Kerri Landry and Michael Lorber 
 Dr. Joseph Vacanti, Pediatric Surgeon-in-Chief of MGHfC, Alli Achtmeyer and Alyson Lindsey, and Dr. Ronald Kleinman, Physician-in-Chief of MGHfC 
 Katherine Chapman 
 Alex Leventhal and guest 
 Elena and Tom Matlack with Simone Winston 
 Charles and Patty Ribakoff 
 Guests hitting the dance floor 
 Geoff and Laura Renhert 
 Elizabeth and Dr. Shaw Sprague 
 The women of Storybook Ball dancing up a storm 
 Dancers for the evening ...
 Emily T. Frick, Walter J. and Mary Curley 
 Konrad K. Keesee, Irene R. Aitken, and Christian K. Keesee 
 Jennifer Wright, Gillian Hearst Simonds, Christian Simonds, and Caitlin Davis 
 Rhonda N. and Lucius L. Fowler 
 Frick Director Ian Wardropper, Janine Hill, and Bruno Eberli 
 James C. Marlas and Deborah Royce 
 Doug Gould, Pauline Eveillard, and Caitlin Davis 
 Isabel Wilcox and Alain Goldrach 
 Frick Director Ian Wardropper and event Chairmen Barbara and James S. Reibel M.D. 
 Norman L. and Liliane A. Peck 
 Director Emerita Anne L. Poulet, Frick Director Ian Wardropper, and Chairman of the Board of Trustees Margot Bogert 
 Henry P. and Susan Johnson 
 Diane A. Nixon, John and Carole French 
 Frick Associate Curator of Decorative Arts Charlotte Vignon and Ayesha Bulchandani-Mathrani 
 Janine Hill and Stephen Schwarzman 
 Jeremiah Bogert, James Hamilton, and Lucy R. Waletzky 
 Janie P. Woo and Stephen K. Scher 
 Chairmen Carney and Melissa Hawks with children 
 Roberto Mignone, Chairman of the Museum's Board of Trustees Lewis W. Bernard, and Chairman Allison Mignone 
 Jackie Sackler (center) and friends 
 Children color bookmarks at the Scribble Press booth 
 The Museum's Associate Dean of Science Christopher Raxworthy show attendees a tortoise 
 Attendees get up close to a giant squid tentacle with Museum Graduate Student Sebastian Kvist and Curator Mark Siddall 
 Children check out a lizard 
 Space gloves 
 Discovery Room 
 Shells 
 Chairman Allison Mignone with husband Roberto and family 
Peter Bowker and Diana Ewer
Aaron Lichtman and Gary Walker
Ronald Bricke
Sally Brady and Ian Butchoff
Dr. Patricia Allen and Dr. Steven Corwin
Charlotte Ford
Kathryn Coyne
JHC President Suzanne Clary and husband Rich
Decorations Chair Lauren Spelman and Beth Baribault
 New JHC Board member Bob Mennella and his wife Pat
Norma Hardy and Anthony Fitzgerald 
Nicole Arena Davies and Jillian Macklowe 
Ace Greenberg 
Russel and Rachel Horwitz
Lloyd Blankfein and  Jim Cramer 
Tracy Snyder and George Whipple 
Mary Snow and John Conroy 
Bob Groth and Rich Bordonaro 
Muffy Flouret and Stuyvie Comfort 
Bos Lago and Robert Hurkmans 
Matthew and Chris Long
Mary Ellen Gilgan, Beth Dannhauser, Jennifer Waldbaum, Heather Smith, and Adrian Dannhauser
Renata Zambito and Elan McDowell 
BJ Blum, Natalie Kaplan, and friend
 Paulette Macpherson, Don Kerr, and Karin Crooks 
 Valentin  and Yaz Hernandez 
 Denise Tavani and Charles de Casteja 
 Alan Yassky and Fran Liza 
 Linda Fischer and Robert Fischer 
 Anusia Dawson, Ingrid Skousgard Fatima Sanandaji, and Amanda Sullivan 
 Anne Madden and Sean Madden 
 Candace Gonzales and Paige van Ness 
 Julie Behr and Alan Behr 
 Gary Pompan and Sheila Pompan 
 Victoria Sullivan, Nick Sullivan, and Jenia Molnar 
 Josh Scherer and Rowena Scherer 
 David Asher and Arthur Ward 
 Karin Cooks and David Michonski 
James Rovello and Alistair Hughes
Scott Nelson and Alice Judelson
Jason Kontos and Matthew Patrick Smyth
 Alixe Laughlin, Emilie Ghilaga, and Elizabeth Edelman 
 Alexandra Lind Rose and Christina Coleman 
 Junquera Amelia and Anjali Melwani 
 Bettina Zilkha and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Eric Villency and Caroline Fare 
 Ferebee Taube and Nathalie Leeds Leventhal 
 Kathy Prounis and Othon Prounis 
 Helene Comfort and Susan Henshaw Jones 
 Leslie Godridge, Mark Godridge, and Heather Leeds 
 Marina Conner and Mark Gilbertson 
 Robert de Guardiola, Joanne de Guardiola, and Charlie Ayres 
 Whitney Fairchild 
 Somers Farkas, Jonathan Farkas, and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Mitchell Codding 
 George Moore, Liliana Godia, and Frank Lorenzo 
 Frigo Ramirez de Haro and Oscar de la Renta 
 George Moore, Soumaya Slim de Romero, and Mariette Scott 
 Agatha Ruiz de la Prada, Eulalia Puig, Rafael Puig, and Androsa Puig 
 Bill Morton and Kay Morton 
 Rolando and Maria Santana 
 Laura Codosero, Helene Fontoira, Daniel Silva, and Patricia Dusmet 
 Begonia Oiarzun and Natalia Andueca 
 Nicca Wang, Bianca Pratt, and Mariana Zois 
 Ester Herrero Gaffron and Tony Bechara 
 Marcos Tamargo, Ester Repiso, and Angel Luis Samper 
 Christopher Getty and Bianca Pratt 
 Gabriela Lobo, Fernando Tubilla, and Nour Tubilla 
 Arturo Lopez Martin and Gabriela Poler 
 Patricia Estany Puig
            and friends
 Lisa  and Vanessa Rezuelta 
 Lucia Regalen and Pere Pons 
 Andrew Bolton, Cristina Romero, and friend
 Fabiola Arias and Alex Gonzalez 
Robert J. Hurst
Flora Miller Biddle
Questlove
Andy Spade
Fern Tessler
Jill Bikoff, Fern Tessler, and Ginevra Caltagirone
Hope Atherton and Gavin Brown
Coco Rocha
Sarah Hoover and Tom Sachs
Celerie Kemble and Brandon Jones
Leo Villareal
Julian Schnabel and Harvey Weinstein
Chrissy Teigen and John Legend
Yvonne Force Villareal and Glenn Furhman
 Martha Wainwright
 Louise  and Lewis Cullman 
 Robert Wilson, Jay McInerney, and Willem Dafoe 
 Robert Wilson and Barbara Goldsmith 
 Ximena Garnica, Shige Moriya, and Luz Mirrian Toro 
 Lisa Ehrenkranz and Celia Gerard 
 Christophe de Menil and Joe Piropato 
 Bill Cambell and Janna Bullock 
 Darryl Pinckney and Melva Bucksbaum 
 Stewart Lane and Bonnie Comley 
 Abdullah Al Awadhi, Sheikha Paula Al-Sabah, and Dianne Benson 
 Eileen and Bill Kornreich 
 Lee MacCormick Edwards and Joe Piropato 
 Jill Jordon and Barbara Grodd 
 Charles Fabius and Lady Linda Davies 
 Jamie Creel, Shafi Roepers, and Michael Cominotto 
 Nancy Tauck and John Pribesh 
 Jill Roosevelt and Bettina Zilkha 
 Amy Hoadley and Mark Gilbertson
 Andrew Fox and Caroline Hirsch 
Janet Monastro and Jennifer Yu
Viva Bhogaita and Joan Rose
Bonny Dorland
 Jennifer Creel and Amy Fine Collins 
 Cornelia Guest and Elizabeth Meigher 
 Lee  and Cece Black 
 Elizabeth Brown and Tripp Potter 
 Redington and Robin Jahncke 
 Louise Masano and Todd Greeno 
 Peter Lyden and Vanessa Noel 
 James Retz and Bonnie Devendorf 
 Daisy Soros and Phil Geier 
 Mark Gilbertson and Whitney Fairchild 
 Christopher Mason and Mary Hilliard 
 Shauna Mei and Tara Dhingra 
 Milly de Cabrol and Grace Meigher 
 Cynthis Goodman and James Borynack 
 Ellen Christman and Roger Christman 
Tabber Benedict, Gabrielle Greco, and Bill Chin
Richard Batka and Eva Szymanski
Gabrielle Greco, Elizabeth Howard, and Rachel Heller
Ann and Charles Johnson with Friederike Biggs
Chris and Grace Meigher
Coleman and Susan Burke
Gregory Long and Maureen Chilton
Jeffrey and Diane Jennings
Marvin and Mary Davidson
Richard and Maureen Chilton
Friederike and Jeremy Biggs
 Sylvia Hassenfeld, Barbara Walters, and Mayor Michael Bloomberg 
 Lauri Perlmutter and Elizabeth Cohen 
 Sandra and Ed Meyer 
 Elaine Langone, Alice Tisch, Sylvia Hassenfeld, and Barbara Walters 
 Alice  and Billie TIsch 
 David and Sarah Fiszel with Leo and Henry 
 Jill Sackler, Raul Suarez, and Kathleen Hearst 
 Joanne Hardy Clark, Edmund de Waal, and Agnes Gund 
 Donald Blinken and Catherine Cahill 
 Bill Bernhard and Evelyn Tompkins 
 John Herring, Cinda Herrick, Charles Moffett, and Paul Herring 
 Nadette Cohen and Peggy Danziger 
 Paul Herring and Andrew Kepler 
 David Beer and Evelyn Tompkins
 Frances Scaife and Beth Rudin de Woody 
 Susie Elson and Harriet Weintraub 
 Jennifer Miller, James Cohen, and Lisa Cohen 
 Elise Lefkowitz and Steven Stolman 
 Mary Farrell and Sharon Sager 
 Jo Carole Lauder and Ronald Lauder 
 Leonard Lauder, Mari Skovronsky, and Dr. Daniel Skovronsky 
 Suzy Wahba 
 Mitch Eichen, Annette Eichen, Terri Lazo, and Frank Lazo 
 Leonard Lauder and Joan Sutton Straus 
 Roann Costin and Paola Quadretti 
 Karen Koeningsberg
 Barbara Regna and Kathleen Giordano 
 Nicole Limbocker, Annette Rickel, Melinda Blinken, Roann Costin, and Elizabeth Miller 
 Jane Crary and Roann Costin 
 Amy Hoadley and Bob Gianos 
 Annette Lester and Ellen FitzSimons 
 Kay McEnroe and Ellen FitzSimons 
 Joe Fuchs, Melanie Wambold, and Peter Haveles 
 Jenny Stybel and Caroline Hamilton 
 Alyssa Seidel and Summer Krupp 
 Justin Ifill and Zach Goldstein 
 Jackie Sanders and Susan Quintin 
 Mimi Pitney, Savannah Engel, and Sarah Weinberger 
 Wesley Royce and Meryl Tevrizian 
 Jane Beeder, Maggie Cassidy, and Katherine Hilderbrand 
 Randy Baruh and Deborah Baruh 
 Sarah Needham and Caroline Hamilton 
 Elijah Duckworth-Schachter and Maureen Nash 
 Nancy Marcus and Rebecca Rose Woodland 
 Dawne Marie Grannum and Sabrina Wirth 
Joel and Arlene Reisman
 Win McMurry, Geoff Boisi, NBA Legend Bill Russell, and Ken Bakst
 NBA great Alonzo Mourning thanks his caddy for a job well done 
 NBA Hall of Famer George "Ice Man" Gervin 
 MLB Hall of Famer Joe Morgan 
 NBA Hall of Famer Julius Erving 
 NBA Hall of Famer Artis Gilmore 
 Jennine Fiorito, Art McKenna, Charles Barkley, and Brett Meyers 
 Christopher Croken, former NBA All-Star and ESPN analyst Bruce Bowen, and Dave Levinbook 
 NFL Hall of Famer Steve Largent and NBA Hall of Famer Sam Jones 
 Nancy Altobello of Ernst & Young with NBA Hall of Famer Rick Barry 
 NBA Legend Jerry West and Willem Kookyer, Chairman of MENTOR 
Guests converse at  Ambassador Boyden Gray's  Georgetown home
 Frankie Lucostic, Lauren Cozzi, C. Boyden Gray, Lindsey Drath, Ethan Drath, Francis Hoang, Carly Pippin, and Elizabeth Ladt 
 Austin Bryan and Allison Peck 
 Frankie Lucostic, Ceren Ozer, Anne Henochowitz, and Francis Hoang 
 Adam Ozmer, Frankie Lucostic, Anne Henochowitz, and Francis Hoang 
 Venessa Yung, Elizabeth Ladt, C. Boyden Gray, Allison Peck, Adam Ozmer, and Carly Pippin 
 Chris and Allison Putala 
 Chris Putala, Allison Putala, and Steven Stolman 
 Chris and Allison Putala 
 Carly Pippin and C. Boyden Gray 
 Lindsey Drath, Steven Stolman, and Elizabeth Ladt 
 Deb Galyan, Venessa Yung, Carly Pippin, Amanda Williams, and Allison Peck 
 Scalamandre grab bags 
 Paul McCartney and Nancy Shevell 
 Patricia Shiah 
 Kathleen Fischback and Denise Sobel 
 Stella McCartney, Naomi Watts, Sarah Jessica Parker, and Jessica Seinfeld 
 Sherman and Christopher Meloni 
 Coco and Arie Kopelman with Liz  and Jeff Peek 
 Maureen and Steve Van Zandt 
 Leba Strassberg and Neil Sedaka 
 Paula Zahn 
 Alasdhair Willis and Stella McCartney 
 Stella McCartney and Paul Simon 
 Alizee Guinochet and David Blaine 
 Liz Peek and Leslie Stahl 
 Jessica Seinfeld, Stella McCartney, and Naomi Watts 
 Fernanda Kellogg 
 Nina Griscom and Lionel Piraino 
 Charles Askegard and Candice Bushnell 
 Carlton DeWoody and Beth Rudin DeWoody 
 Vicky Ward 
 Lisa Perry 
 Dylan Lauren, Ralph Lauren, Ricky Lauren, and David Lauren 
 Fe Fendi 
 Barbara Tober 
 Steven Neckman and Princess Firyal of Jordan 
 Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos 
 Sarah Gaddis, Susan Tucker, Meg Smedley, and Katie Tucker 
 Arturo Delmoni and Anjelica Huston 
 Elaine Wynn and Devon Spurgeon
Maarit Glocer and Dorrit Moussaieff
A dinner table in Astor Hall
 Liza Todd-Tivey 
 Dana Hammond Stubgen and Nahid Taghinia 
 Dana Faraouki and Lisa Dennison 
 Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia and Bettina Zilkha 
 Firooz Zahedi, Christiane Amanpour, and Jamie Rubin 
 Lauren Pollock and Carol Kino 
 Reza Golsorkhi and Kambiz Atabai 
 Pamela  and Michael Glazebrook 
 Tooraj Zahedi, Christiane Amanpour, and Nassrin Zahedi 
 Margery Newman 
 Nazy Nazhand 
 Shoja Azari and Behdad Alizadeh 
 Henry Heller, Anahita von Plotho, and Christoph von Plotho 
 Bobby Ginaos and Paula Onet 
 Angelina Salgado and Janeen Armbruster 
 Barbara Flood 
 Nina Crox, Tia Shatner, and friend
 Maureen Footer and Christian Duvernois 
 Michael Devine and Thomas Burak 
 Carmelo Anthony 
 Susan Magazine, Nicholas Scoppetta, and Serena Williams 
 Byrdie Bell and Hilary Rhoda 
 Laura Remington Platt 
 Tracy Stern 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Heba Abedin 
 Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos and Maggie Cordish 
 Vanessa von Bismark 
 Zang Toi, Julie Macklowe, and Billy Macklowe 
 Karin Sadove and Steven Sadove 
 Nicholas Scoppetta, Susan Magazine, and Veronica Webb 
 Christina Greeven Cuomo 
 Geoffrey Bradfield and Debbie Bancroft 
 Veronica Webb 
 Marisa Brown and Pia Ledy 
BAM President Karen Brooks Hopkins and board member Thérèse Esperdy
BAM Executive Producer Joseph Melillo with Judith and Alan Fishman, BAM’s board chairman
 Andre Balazs and Linda Fargo 
 Amy Hsiung 
 Daphne Guinness and Valerie Steele 
 Eliza Reed Bolen and Oscar de la Renta 
 Hogan McLaughlin and Lucy McLaughlin 
 Eleanor Kennedy and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 John Demsey 
 Michelle Harper 
 Stefano Tonchi and Daphne Guinness 
 Kwanza Butler, Grace Hightower De Niro, and Ana Oliveira 
 Jean Shafiroff, Diana Taylor, and Connie Fishman 
 Jessamyn Rodriguez 
 Anne Mintz and Joan Sherman 
 Dawne Marie Grannum, Kathleen Giordano, and Nadia Martincic 
 Captain Guy Disney and Luke Parker Bowles 
 Martin Gilbert, Chief Executive, Aberdeen Asset Management 
 Victor Stewart, Carol Stewart, Lady Weatherstone, and Jennifer Johnson 
 Ian Anderson, Martin Gilbert, and Gary Marshall 
 Kim and Mark Standish 
 Nazareth Festekjian, Ida Liu, and Michael Conroy 
 Ed Parker, Captain Guy Disney, and Stephen Cain 
 Bill Miller, Kitty Harvey, and Suzanne Czech 
 Consul General Phil Scanlan, Luke Parker Bowles, and Tom Hooper 
 Governor Jeb Bush, Isabel Carden, and Luke Parker Bowles 
 Alicia Bythewood, Khephra Burns, and Susan Taylor 
 Ayanna Najua and Reggie Van Lee 
 Cora Barry and Alicia Bythewood 
 Ken Smaltz and Joeli Coste 
 Anne Ford, Bunky Cushing, and Charlotte Ford 
 Mamie Walton 
 Toni Canada and Bunky Cushing 
 Donna Atwater and Charlotte Ford 
 Sherry Holson, Kathy Crane, and Jennifer Lane 
 Rochelle Trotter and Sherrill Bodine 
 Anne Ford and Bunky Cushing 
 Megan McKinney, Nancy Kelley, Mamie Walton, and Linda Heister 
 Giancarlo Giammetti 
 Valerie Steele and Liz Peek 
 Daphne Guinness 
 Nina Garcia 
 Anna Wintour and Valentino 
 Shala Monroque, Francesca Leoni, Stefano Tonchi, and Pier Paolo Piccioli 
 Sarah Wolfe and Candy Pratts Price 
 Sharon Bush and Hunt Slonem 
 Lisa FIne and Carol Mack 
 Pier Paolo Piccioli, Iris Apfel, and Maria Grazia Chiuri 
 Beth DeWoody and Jacqueline Weld Drake 
 Melania Trump and Iris Apfel 
 Laurie Newhouse, Mica Ertegun, and Marlene Hess 
 Marisa Barenson and Coralie Charriol Paul 
 Julia Koch and Noona Smith Petersen 
 Tamara Mellon and Erica Reid 
 Dr. Joyce Brown 
 Antonio Monfreda, Anne Bass, and Susan Lyne 
 Rod Keenan and Lisa Boone 
 Valentino and Diane von Furstenberg 
 Patricia Mears and Ken Downing 
Amanda (of Macy's) and Star on their way to Fashion's Night Out
"Stewardesses" with Lisa Perry
Donna Karan
Nikki Haskell on Madison
Dressed for FNO, pianist/artist Mark Birnbaum
Selling crocheted bracelets outside Same Sky, "a trade-not-aid" initiative which provides employment to HIV positive Women in Africa and also provides foam mattresses to children in Rawanda
NY1's Parenting and Children's commentator, Shelley Goldberg
Mother and daughters at Tory Burch
 Jennifer Flora, Ahmed Alali, and Alan Keeley 
 Judith Guiliani and Rudy Guiliani 
 Kyle Sheldon, Cassandra Seidenfeld Lyster, and Dave Pattison 
 Bettina Jacobson 
 Nicole MacMillan 
 James Comley, Virginia Comley, and Alex Washer 
 Marty Bauman 
 Helen Guiditis 
 Christain Lopez Balboa, Olivia Lopez Balboa, and Chinua Akaosa 
 Rod Gilbert, Judy Gilbert, and Mayor Bloomberg 
 Alan Keeley, Betty Knight Scripps, and Ted Killory 
 Bobby Ide and Howard Lorber 
 Cognac 
 Stormy Good 
 Paul Libin, Stewart Lane, Florence Libin, and Bob Wankel 
 Lindsey Kremer, Will Rubin, and Britt Johnson 
 Elaine Garguilo and Andrew Scotto 
 Alethea Shapiro 
 Nacho Figueras 
 Howard Sobe and Gayle Perry Sobel 
 Matt Lauer and Ed Burke 
 Lee Lee McNeill and Stacy Daniel 
 Annette and Matt Lauer 
 Shamin Abas 
 Reginald Van Lee and Corey McCathern 
 Honoree Lola C. West and Board Member Larry Satterfield 
 Reginald Van Lee and Tybie Dotson 
 Jocelyn Taylor and Reginald Van Lee 
 Board members Joanne Hill and Reginald Canal 
 Artist Hedy Klineman and honoree Lola C. West 
The honorees: Keith Clinkscales, Madeline Nelson-Small, and Emil Wilbekin
Derek Thompson, Emil Wilbekin, and Tai Monique Beauchamp
Joeli Coste and Kenneth Smaltz
Deen Solebo and Nikki Ogunnaike
 Cristina Greeven Cuomo, Michael Mailer, Natasha Silver, and Joe Driscoll 
 Anne Hearst McInerney and Lawrence Bender 
 Brian Goldman, Joanna Ifrah Goldman, and Jonathan Marc Sherman 
 Camille Hunt, Lisa Ellis, and Joanna Ifrah Goldman 
 Dan Loeb, Alexandra Shiva, and Josh Lehrer 
 Holly Peterson and Shane Dyckman 
 Harry Hurt and Zelina Belagdem 
 Pricilla Dwyer, Dennis Dwyer, and Denise Bornschein 
 Cassie Spreitzer and Pam Weir 
 Jonathan Marc Sherman, and Seth Herzog 
 Nick Leighton, Eben Hall, and Jenelle Ferri 
 Jared Isaacson, Jennifer McCool, and Glenn Isaacson 
 Lynn Glantz and Samantha Katcher 
 Peter Smith, Maily Smith, and Woody Johnson
Chairman Ed Cox (Chairman of NY Republican Party) and Mickey Strauss
Mitt Romney and Governor Kevin Warsh
Woody Johnson and Mitt Romney
Mary Lee and Robert Citrino
Amy Griffin, Mike Clifford, and Robert Levy
 Cindy Grauer, Emma McGrattan, Sylvia Diaz, Leslie Anderson, and Debbie Taylor 
 Joe Abruzzese, Myra Weiser, and Dr. Frank Weiser 
 Bill Koenigsberg, Buddy Valastro, and Joe Abruzzese 
 James and Ellie Libby 
 Erica and John Ohrn with Jay and Gopa Dobson 
 Martin and Mary Puris 
 Gail and Adam Muszynski 
 Donald Venezia and Joy Marks 
 Crissy and Jason Bern Baum with Pamela Mohr 
 Matthew Pitera, Jamie Pacheco, and Alex Pitera 
 Doris Liebman and Mady Schuman 
 Rafael Nadal 
 Janko Tipsarevic and Biljana Sesevic 
 Kerry Heffernan and Liam Heffernan 
 Marco Porceddu, Ashley Palma, and Humberto Leon 
 Tommy Haas 
 Brad Richards and James Blake 
 Heidi El Tabakh 
 Emma Hearst 
 David Felit, Emma Hearst, and Sarah Krathen 
 Caren Brooks 
 Alice St. Clair and Gina Gershon 
 Darren Criss 
 Justin Bartha 
 Jessica Chastain and Damon Dash 
 Jeremy Strong 
 Toni Morrison and Fran Leibowitz 
 Nikki James 
 Valentine Hernandez, Yaz Hernandez, and Valentine Hernandez Jr 
 Mark Gilbertson and Susan Magrino 
William Ivey Long
 Sarah Huebinger and Rebecca Janoss 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Rose Hartman and George Guidotti 
 Zach Posen and Valerie Steele 
 Chiu-Ti Jansen, Montgomery Frazier, and High Voltage 
 Alyson Cafiero and Vevlyn Wright 
 Alexa Winner and Maggie Norris 
 Cece Cord, Jon Marder and friend 
 Chance  and Kathleen Spiessbach 
 Carl Goldstein and Nicole Bandklayzer 
 Edmundo Huerta, Barbara Regna, Lauren Roberts, and Cassandra Seidenfeld 
 Eric Javits, Yliana Yepez, Michelle Smith, and Mark Gilbertson 
 Meredith Mccue, Jackson Berg, and Kiim Simons 
 Eleanora and Michael Kennedy with Anna Safir
 Mark Davidovich and Mani Zarrin 
 Lisa Boone
 Michelle Smith and Yliana Yepez 
 Linnaea McGuinness, Michelle Claeys, and Jackson McGuinness 
 Benjamin Barkoff, Jessica Barkoff, and William Barkoff 
 Natalia Echavarria 
 Barry Klarberg and Sarah Herbert Galloway 
 Cooper Gronfein and Kelly Meyers 
 David Stogsdill 
 Jackie Harris Hochberg, Robert Hochberg, and family
 Gabriella Pinheiro, Anna Pinheiro, and Luis Felipe Pinheiro 
 Hayden Lewis, Lisa Lewis, Lucy Lewis, and Jeff Lewis 
 Debbie Sroka 
 Jake Sobel, Gayle Sobel, and Dr. Howard Sobel 
 Keith and Neal Sroka 
 Michelle Podolsky, Lea Podolsky, Gabby, Helena, and Rebecca 
 Lara Metz, Macy Metz, Corey Metz, and Avery Metz 
 Michelle Wolkoff 
 Campion and Tatianna Platt with children
 Stephanie Hirsch, Dash Hirsch, and Izzie Hirsch 
 Stone Abramson, Erika Katz, and Somer Abramson 
 Ruth Appelhof, Alec Baldwin, and Martha Stewart 
 Caleb James and Marshal Landon 
 Helen Lee Schifter, Martha Stewart, and Tim Schifter 
 Ed Pantzer and Pam Pantzer 
 Henry Schleiff, Peggie Schleiff, and Bob Schleiff 
 Jeff Tarr and Patsy Tarr 
 Laura Belmont de Gunzburg 
 Marisa Borghi 
 Libby Karmely, Julie Macklowe, and Stacey Bronfman 
 Matthew Bronfman, Shahab Karmely, and Michael Minikes 
 Mickey Straus, Christina Strassfield, and Laura Brightsen 
 Ron Delsener and Ellin Delsener 
 Steven Gambrel and James Anderson 
 Carol Sue Gershman: The Jewish Lady & The Black Man 
 Jene Luciani: The Bra Book 
 Christina Oxenberg: Will Write for Compliments 
 Stewart Lane, Bonnie Comley, Frankie Lane, Leah Lane: Jews on Broadway 
 Nelson DeMille: The Lion 
 Charla Krupp: How to Never Look Fat Again 
 Alec Baldwin 
 Alina Cho and Kim Cho 
 Star Jones and Herb Wilson 
 daughter, Soledad O'Brien, and son Charlie Raymond 
 Cameron Hough and Soledad O'Brien 
 Russell Simmons, Pharrell Williams, and Melissa George 
Yuki Kotani, Samantha Ronson, and Michelle Javian
Rebecca Geis and Joanna Pallante
Joel Warren and Yuki Kotani
 Christine Mack, Nina Rennert Davidson, Heather Mnuchin, and Jennifer Creel 
 Cristina Cuomo and Fernanda Niven 
 Avis Richards, Pamela Baxter, and Debra Black 
 Erica Karsch 
 Dorian May, Marjorie Harris, and Lauren Geller 
 Josephine Meckseper, Kim Heirston, Lisa Anastos, and Simone Levinson 
 Linda Correia, Rebecca Hollander, and Danielle Merollo 
 Louise Camuto and Rory Tahari 
 Steve Funsch, Jennifer Mesiano, and Tom Knight 
 Alexia Hamm Ryan and Tania Higgins 
 Thea Wedepohl and Kate Phillips 
(c) Annie Leibovitz, 2010, Chez Gloria.
(c) Jenny Warburg, "Equality Now."
Gloria, still mentoring
Ann Curry, Sheila Nevins, Gloria Steinem, Katie Couric, and Tina Brown
Amy Richards, Dyllan McGee, Carol Jenkins, and Cindi Lieve
Faye Wattleton and Sheila Nevins 
Gayle King and Ann Curry
Jackie Glover and Dyllan McGee 
Joni Evans, Kim Cattrall, and Sheila Nevins 
Marie Brenner, Sheila Nevins, and Jodi Evans 
Christine Baranski and Chloe Malle 
Candice Bergen and Fran Lebowitz 
Carol Jenkins, Amy Richards, and Jackie Glover 
Cindi Lieve and Gayle King 
Chloe Malle and Kim Cattrall
Debra Winger and Christine Baranski 
Betty Chen and Li Jun Xian
Angelica Campanaro, Jonathan LaSala, Rachael Tella, and Emily Tella
Matthew Singleton, Emily Liu, and Brenda Wu
 Conrad Benham and Anita Surendran
 Julian Harper, Phil Issa, Adam Libove
Bidding at the auction, Nicole Loprena, Elissa Steinberg, Stephanie Sit, and Allison McGuinn
Meg and Steve Smith, Ashby Andrews, and Lori Feren
 Cindy and Frank Pellegrino with Rachel Rapoport
Jessica French, Brenda Wu, and Julian Harper
 Bill and Brad Bell 
 Artists Nir Hod and Delia Brown 
 Dustin Yellin, Vinoodh Matadin, and Inez van Lamsweerde 
 Marc and Jane Nathanson 
 Tobias Meyer 
 Chris Stone and David Fox 
 John and Lisa Runyon 
 2011 Aspen Award for Art Recipient Roni Horn 
 Rod Waywell and Lisa Dennison 
 Amy and John Phelan 
Renee Liddell at  Lisa Perry and Dorothy Lichtenstein's launch of their dress collection  in Sag Harbor.
 Brooke Neidich, Claude Wasserstein, Christine Mack, Dr. Harold Koplewicz, Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, Marcia Mishaan, Julie Minskoff, and Debra Perelman 
 Krista Krieger, Christine Mack, and Flo Fulton 
 Whitney Fairchild and Amy Hoadley 
 Ulrika Lanaro and Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos 
 Dayssi Olarte de Kanavos 
 Dr. Farnaz Vossoughian and Dr. Harold Koplewicz 
 Alyse Ruth and Di Petroff 
 Amanda Taylor, Krista Krieger, and Dominique Punnett 
 Anne Vincent 
 Nora Arissin, Kim Heirston Evans, and Ingrid Vandebosch 
 Blair Clarke 
 Sam Bolton and Amy Hoadley 
Drew Owen and John Simpson with Spanks
Suzie Noddle, Susan McLean, Marc Warren, and Barbara Warren
Brad Boles and Ruth Katz with a rescue
 Denise Lucas with Spanks
Mike Wudyka, Frank Cilione, and Liron Artzi
Lauren Aramis, Frank Cilione, and Ruth Katz
Joe Messina and Whitney Knowlton
Tommy Hill, Ruth Katz, and James Hill
Leah Grodnick, Julia Wetheim, and Meryl Grodnick 
Stephanie LaCava and Brian Weiss 
Jeanne Greenberg Rohatyn and Amalia Dayan
Arno Sugarman, Kelly Sugarman, and Miles Sugarman 
Cricket Burns, India Burns,and Richard Burns 
Dorothy Lichtenstein and Lisa Perry 
Amanda Perry, Muriel Perry, and Laura Perry 
Gigi Stone and Alina Cho 
George and Alison Brokaw 
 Jay McInterney and Anne Hearst hosted cocktails to celebrate the upcoming 2011 Alzheimer’s Association Rita Hayworth Gala.
 Hillary Ross, Whitney Fairchild, and Patty Raynes 
 Chris Salyer and Chele Chiavacci 
 Dominque Debey, Sharon Bush, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, and Andreas Weigel 
 Kay Gilman, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, and Susan Henning 
 Rick Friedberg, Tracy Copeland, and Jonathan Farkas 
 Mark Locks 
 Suzanne Murphy and Michelle Gradin
 Robin Meltzer and Wendy Meltzer 
 Ginnie Hilfiger, Mark Locks, and Lauren Wilmer 
 Lynne Cary, Michelle Fix, and Cindy Johns 
 Robert Wilson and Rufus Wainwright 
 Alina Cho and Richard Johnson 
 Ben Diamond and Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Tony Urrutia and Marsha Kenny 
Nancy and Dr. Martin Stone 
Bill Schlight and Sherry Kaufman
 Jean Remmel FitzSimmons and Andrea Greeven Douzet 
 Alex Donner and Cassandra Seidenfeld Lyster 
 Christopher Obetz, Sandra McConnell, and Frances Hayward
 Anna Rhodes and Victor Rhodes 
 Dr. Michael Apa and Lisa Murphy 
Carol Rohrig and Bill Finneran
 Kristina Lewin, Debbie Bancroft, and Bruce Lewin 
 Somers Farkas and Margo Nederlander 
Barbara and Steven Karpf 
Gregory Speck and Kathy Comelli 
Allyson and Daniel Crough 
 Young aspiring ballerinas with baskets of mystery boxes at the Island Moving Company and The Newport Historical Society's Opening Night:  "Dance with the Stars."
 Table settings by Sharon Cameron Lawn and Karen Vaughan 
 Island Moving Company: A Chorus Line 
 Barbara and Warren Caldwell 
 Bill McKeever and Doran Mullen 
 Robin and Jan Corbin 
 Jan Corbin, Angela Whittaker, and Kelly Reey 
 Robert Bailey and Theodora Aspegren 
 Coco Blaffer, Alex Donner, Doran Mullen, Dally and Robin Reardon, and Norman Nelson 
 Terry Morgan-Thaler and Patty Hayes 
 David Enstone, Sandy Peterson, and Judith Enstone 
 Brooke Van Gerbig 
 Beth Watson and Captain Donald Pizinger 
 Spencer Berger 
 Theodora Aspegren, Jamie Figg, and Sarah Jeffords 
 Alex and Kate Donner with son Miles Messinger 
 Jana and Donald Jagoe 
 Rachel Balaban and Derek Hanson 
 Nancy Bennett and Vivi Valentine 
 Michael and Cleo Gewirz 
 Dancing the night away in Newport 
 Mareile Cusack, COT Board Trustee Robert Shapiro, and Shermin and Stuart Kruse 
 COT Director of Marketing and PR Colleen Flanigan with COT Production Manager Brad Vernatter 
 Mezzo-Soprano Katherine Calcamuggio, COT General Director Brian Dickie, and Tenor Scott Ramsay 
 David Van Dam and Bree Johnson 
 Mezzo-Soprano Katherine Calcamuggio sings
 Michael Turoff, Vicki Turoff, and Kimberly Hellmuth 
 COT Director of Development Andrea Cedusky and Thomas Reid Mackin 
 Pianist Sheldon Miller and COT General Director Brian Dickie 
 Rosanna Scotto, Hoda Kotb, Kathie Lee Gifford, Robby Browne, Hope Klein Langer, Emily Levin, and Julie Ratner at The Heat benefit for the Ellen Hermanson Foundation
 Barbara Tober, Fernanda Kellogg, and Kirk Henckels 
 Jade Brooks, Trisha O'Malley, Cindy Rozenberg, and Jessica Lewis 
 Barbara and Donald Tober 
 Barbara Tober, Phillip Kasofsky, and Sue Stoffel 
 Donald Tober 
 Sam Metzger and Caroline Geerlings 
 Nancy Henze and Densie Ford Kerman 
 Sara Kearns and Angela Henry 
 Bill Griffiths, Trisha O'Malley, Heidi Hannon, and Armon Imbriglio 
 Hester and Charles Weeden 
 Laurence Levin, Andrea Walton, and Mary Michelle Rutherford 
 Jean Ellenberg, Dorothy Spay, Chep Ellenberg, Rick Duval, and Lisa Rubenstein 
 Rick Duvall and Lisa Rubenstein 
 Fernando and Marta Nottebohm 
 Ingrid and Gerry Fields 
 Cindy Rozenberg, David Cuming, and Barbara Hogan 
 Steve and Liz Bierman 
 Kaddie and Tim Eland 
 Sara Kearns, Angela Henry, and Ariane Batterberry 
 David and Dee Barrett 
 Joan Kenb, Milicent Cox, and Louisa Flynn 
 Patricia and John Forelle 
 Stanley Zareff and Fernando Nottebohm 
 Jack and Irene Banning 
 Rob Juhbach and Cheryl Andrews 
 Ellen and Eric Peterson, Polly and Ken Ratner 
 Alec and Barbara Bancroft, Eric Pederson, Sis and Moby Mudge 
 Laurie Cohen and Jonathan Greenberg 
 Polly and Ken Ratner 
 Jade Brooks, Marta Nottebohm, and Andrea Walton 
 Mimi Tannen and Ilana Nilsen 
 Stanley Zareff 
 David Hathaway and Jeremy Frederick 
 Myla Tewell and Lisa Barnes-Schwartz 
 Mody Mudge, Chris Tewell, and John Reid 
 Under the tent 
 Mark Ehret, Rosanna Scotto, Jennifer Miller, Jill Martin, and Samantha Yanks 
 Hans Peter and Chris Bril 
 Hoda Kotb, Kim Cattrall, and Kathie Lee Gifford 
 Karen Easton and Gordon Herr 
 Andrea Neves and Suzy Drasnin 
 Linda Rae Tepper and Warren Schultz 
 Warren Schultz and Lauren Ezersky 
 Ta'Rea Campbell 
 Steve Stanulis, Ramona Singer, and Mario Singer 
 Lucia Hwong Gordon, Robert Lyster, and Robin Cofer 
 Roberta Flack and Cassandra Seidenfeld Lyster 
 Flor Riccio, R. Couri Hay, Cassandra Seidenfeld Lyster, and Tom Murro 
 Katie Jo Righi, James Tang, and Matt Margolin
 Jason Grunberg and Ariana Parasco
 Matt Margolin and Claire Voorhees
 Carolyn Hurley and Nicole Pascavis
 Vaughn Massey and Mark Lewinstein
 Brandon Voss and Tony Fornabaio
 Eric Alger and Jonathon Ziegler
 Marcus Brooks, India Ferrah, and Nick Vlaskovich
 Emperor XX Vanity Society and Empress XXV Pepperica Swirl
 Patrick Frost, Nique Jenkins, Marcus Brooks, and Bebe Zahara Benet
 Kavitha Ram and Sonia Ponnusamy
 Adam Daniel Weiss, Matt Wagner, and Deryck Todd
 Lisa Lampanelli and Jimmy Cannizzaro
 Derek Warburton, Andrew Kanakis, and Bradley Irion
 Bob Colacello, Carol Mack, Dakota Jackson, RoseLee Goldberg, and Leslie Stevens 
 Anahita von Plotho and Alexander Heller 
 Jurgen Friedrich, Connie Tarrant, and Jorn Weisbrodt 
 Celerie Kemble 
 Roger Waters and Jay McInerney 
 Frances Hayward 
 Joseph Rokacz, Beth DeWoody, and Larry Gordon 
 Lisa and Samantha Perry 
 Paul Judelson, Lisa Anastos, and Robert Sigler 
 Lesley Schulhof 
 Brooke Geahan and Edward Chapman 
 Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia and Shahrzad Khayami 
 Klaus Biesenbach and Rufus Wainwright 
 Anne Hearst McInerney and Jay McInerney 
 Yung Hee Kim with Mark and Laurie Newhouse 
 Edward Norton 
 Jennifer Esposito 
 Lisa Rinna 
 Joesph "Rev Run" Simmons, Danny Simmons, and Russell Simmons 
 Kevin Saer Leong and Rajiah Williams 
 Patricia Velasquez 
 Soledad O'Brien 
 Tamara Mellon 
 Star Jones 
 DJ MOS 
 Camille Giani, Julian Medina, and Aly Gradone 
 Claire Vail and Grace Vail 
 Elizabeth Grose, Arthur Wayne, and Meredith Zenkel 
 Judy Kates 
 Euan Rellie and Arthur Wayne 
 Geneve Rupert and Jenny Han 
 Jerri Devard and June Ambrose 
 Kristy Schuetz, Scott Sanford, Erica Schuetz, and Greg Bennington 
 Jennifer Gould Keil, Kaitlin, and Braden 
 Karlie Kloss and Stephen Lee 
 Kelly Rutherford and Carrie Fitzmaurice 
 Alina Cho and Di Petroff 
 Lisa Peretz and Faith Kates Kogan 
 Lisa Pomerantz and Malorie Huberman 
 Michaels Combs 
 Madeline Merkel and Mark Bowman 
 Olivia Lopez and Izzy Hodtson 
 Roxanne Whittaker and Rustin Steward 
 Star Jones and June Ambrose 
 Sarah Schmid 
 Tara von Speyr 
 Joyce and Joseph Mattera 
 Dylan Walsh 
 Noah Bean, David Hryck, Dr. Ruth Westheimer, and Miss New York Kaitlin Monte 
 Georgia Curatola, Miss New York Kaitlin Monte, and Gerry Curatola 
 Kace, Rachel Mattera, Miss New York Kaitlin Monte, and Kayla 
 Joyce Mattera and Michael Schweinsburg 
 Senator Martin Golden and Miss New York Kaitlin Monte 
 Anthony Mackie, Teresa, and Holt McCallany
 Eric Kelly, Joyce Mattera, Holt McCallany, and Joseph Mattera 
 Clif Thorn, Joyce Mattera, and Bryan Batt 
 Kevin Manno 
 Alex Gibney and Julie Taymor 
 Voula Douval 
 Charles Ferguson 
 Hampton Showhouse Designers.
 Yana Abramovich, Boris Abramovich, Lisa Fanuka, Stephen Fanuka, George Oliphant, and Zoe Oliphant 
 George Oliphant and Jamie Drake 
 Heather Mahland and Erik Mahland 
 Jenny Bradley, Suzanne Cooper, Kim Artist, and Ann Maine 
 Jennifer McGee 
 Jill Peters, Sara Rossi, Townsend Lloyd, Eileen Kathryn Boyd, and Micaela Kitson 
 John Weiss, Angela Camarda, and Dan Weiss 
 Keith Carroll 
 Lisa Fanuka, Stephen Fanuka, George Oliphant, and Zoe Oliphant 
 Robert Chaloner and Mickey Cerbone 
 Mark Fichlander 
 Nina Frendenberger and Bryn Schuyler 
 Patricia Fisher 
 Robert Bakes 
 Ron Fiore 
 Raji RM 
 Robert Stilin 
 Suysel Cunningham and Anne Maxwell Foster 
 Tobi Fairley 
 Tony Manning and Stephen Elrod 
 Ann Maine, Mario Buatta, and Alexa Hampton 
 Tori Mellott, Eddie Lee, Adam Johnson, Elisabeth Blitzer, and Jamie Drake 
 Tim  and Carole Reed 
 Susanne Caldwell and Maria Greenlaw 
 Tia Walker, Eileen Kathryn Boyd, and Peggie Walker 
 Philip Maloney, Steven Stolman, and Bob Taft 
 Bob Brenner, Beth, Brenner, Susan Guerreiro, Emanuel Guerreiro, Jay Reardon, and Ginnie Reardon 
 Carole Reed 
 Don Schemerhorn 
 Eddie Lee 
 Frank Bodeuchak and Dawn Bodeuchak 
 Gideon Mendelson 
Michael and Ninah Lynne
Evelyn Lipper and Bill Speck
Eryn Reece of Mayahuel
 Caren Brooks 
 Chris Dobich, David Tufts, Sean Maloney, and Randy Florke 
 Caroline Fare and Eric Villency 
 Anh Duong and Clifford Ross 
 Eian Scully, Ellis McCreadie, and Artie Lang 
 Emily Jerome 
 Steven Klein, Delfina Blaquier, and Nacho Figueras 
 Jeffrey Feinman, Joe Del Vecchio, and Dionisio Fontana 
 Lisa Yom 
 Michael Flutie, Karina Bartkevica, and Scott Lipps 
 Dan Tietz and Paul Byrne 
 Michael Flutie and Annabelle Tollman 
 Tripoli Patterson and Darius Yektai 
 Vanessa Cariddi and Jorell Williams in HMS Pinafore 
 Michael Barrett, Chief Executive/General Director and Judy Evnin, Chairman Emerita 
 Katy Clark, President/Executive Director of OSL, Elisabeth Ostrow, Vice President of OSL 
 Caramoor's Director of Opera Will Crutchfield and Jennifer Moore 
 Muffie Fitzgerald with Caramoor trustees Bim Kendall  and Effie Fribourg 
 Jim Attwood, Chairman, and Leslie Williams 
 Will Crutchfield with soprano Georgia Jarman 
 Harvey Zeichner, Dr. Helene Pavlov, radiologist-in-chief, Hospital for Special Surgery 
 Dr. Joseph Lane, chief, Metabolic Bone Disease Service, Hospital for Special Surgery, Lifetime Achievement Award recipient; and his wife Barbara (left) and daughter Jennifer (right) 
 Jill O'Leary and Dr. Patrick F. O'Leary, spine surgeon, Hospital for Special Surgery 
 Indra Nooyi, chairman and CEO, PepsiCo; Patsy Warner, Hospital for Special Surgery board member and dinner committee chair 
 Jason, Liberty and Dean O'Hare, Hospital for Special Surgery Board of Trustees co-chair 
 Dr. Joshua Dines, orthopedic surgeon, Sports Medicine and Shoulder Service, Hospital for Special Surgery, and his wife, Kathryn Tomberlin, along with Dr. Dines parents' Dr. David Dines, sports medicine orthopedic surgeon, and his wife Judi Dines 
 Dean O'Hare, Hospital for Special Surgery Board of Trustees co-chair, Mary Lee and Lou Shapiro, president and chief executive officer, Hospital for Special Surgery 
 Amanda Carter and Bree Welch 
 John Cole and Louie Lopez 
 Lisa Yom, Whitney Larkin, Alex Power, and Andrew Heid 
 Oliver Castle, Swanee Castle, and Jenia Molnar 
 Poppy Pulitzer and Erin Carroll 
 Sasha Okshteyn and Nikki Iacovella 
 Stephanie Shwalb, Makiko Matsumoto, and Anne Matthei 
 Cheryl Huang and Sterling Brown 
 Anne Cassard, Michael Greeson, Jamie Hamilton, and Emily Katz 
 Harry Lambert and Albie Houston 
 Terrie Sultan, Dorothy Lichtenstein, and Vincent Covello 
 Karrie Wright 
 Peter Olsen, Randy Slifka, and Susan Gullia 
 John Driscoll and Marylyn Dintenfass 
 Naomi  and Irving Benson 
 Marie Pucci, Nicole Pucci, Ralph Pucci, and Ann Pucci 
 Pamela Morton, Dean James Morton, and Mary Jane Brock 
 Rebecca and Ronald Chapman 
 Jim Sajdak, Jack Larson, and Richard Egan 
 Alex Rosenberg, Michael Halsband, and Carol Rosenberg 
 Besna Babic, Paul McKevitt, Mary Power, and Kei Holl 
 Christopher French and Terrie Sultan 
 Gillis Addison, Ron Chapman, and Rebecca Chapman 
 Edward Albee and Charlie Cowles 
 Hala Schlub and James Salomon 
 Edwina von Gal, Cindy Sherman, and Jenny Muldaur 
Wines were provided by Anna de Cordorníu (Cava Brut and Cava Rose) and Raimat Winery (Raimat Albarino and Raimat Chardonnay). 
Annika Connor
Saara Pritchard and Hakim Thompson
Elizabeth Proctor and David Darst
Jane Lombard and Jerry Saltz
John Freidman and Liz Mulholland 
 Jonathan Steinberg and Maria Bartiromo 
 Anastasia Budanoque and Katrina Stepanov 
 Darren Aronofsky, Charlotte Kemp Muhl, and Eden Rice 
 Diane Vishneva, Gina Argani, and Konstantin Selinevich 
 Jacob Arabo 
 Susan Kirschbaum 
 Scott Pelley and Catherine Petree-Biron 
 Gina Argani, Sergei Argani, and Anastasia Budanoque 
 Matthew Settle and Leyla Vassighy 
 Randy Jones and Lucky Roosevelt 
 Adam Growald and Alexis Henderson 
 Sinisa Savnik, Jennifer Savnik, Shane Gritzingter, and Emily Katherine Reynard 
 Ira Druckier and Philip Isles 
 Raphael DiTomasso, Kyle DeWoody, and Patrick McMullan 
 Stewart Lane and Bonnie Comley 
 Paola and Arnie Rosenshein 
 Saul Atkins 
 Lisa Perry and friend
David Wassong and Cynthia Clift
 Lisa Yom and David Lipke 
 Matthew Bihidi, Matt Rims, and Matt Daddario 
 Lida Morley, Malcolm Morley, and Dorothy Lichtenstein 
 Lee  and Ingrid Drotman 
 Katlean de Monchy and Sarah Herbert Galloway 
Poet Ben Mazor, Vanessa Barnard and Isabella Barnard
Roberta and Edgar von Schlossberg, RVS Fine Art Gallery, Southampton
 Liz Pearce and Jacob Clemente 
 HRH the Prince Edward and friends
 Elisse Etienne 
 Judith Murak Grubman and Lee Tartivel 
 Mark Standish 
 Lilly Parker and Kirstie Alley 
 Corrin Varady 
 HRH The Prince Edward, Peter Thomas Roth, and Noreen Donovan Roth 
 Mark Standish, HRH The Prince Edward, and Catherine Saxton 
 Linda Axelrod 
 Lynn Koeppel, Gail Pelkowski, Judy Iovino, and Katy Carey 
 Carol Goldberger enjoys a Nathan's! 
 Laure Rothenberg, Gwenn Ramage, Roz Goldberg, and Joyce Wilson 
 Rod Gilbert and Judy Gilbert 
 Susan Pine and Stanley Pine 
 Phyllis Simon, Jane Pontarelli, Susan Cody, and Podi Constantiner 
 Judy Gilbert, Jane Pontarelli, and Roxanne Scala 
 Stephanie Hamberger and Roberta Amon 
 Florence Welch 
 Avril, Nolan, Tirdra Williams, and Elizabeth O'Callahan 
 Faran Krentcil and Dana Dynamite 
 Joeseph Josiah and Aliya Maunoff 
 Meredith and Kristen 
 Teal Ahn and Tabitha Queens of Noize 
 Rabhy Ortega 
 Tommy Rockstar and Marta Brandy 
Kay and Albert Bellas
Ruth Appelhof and Nicky Sanders 
Patsy and Jeff Tarr 
Adrianne and Bill Silver 
Ben Paige, Dianna Littman Paige, Kevin Snyderman, and Allesandra Schroeder 
Adam Cohen, Marty Cohen, Michele Cohen, and Jamie Randall 
 Co-Chairs Bruce Colley and Karen Klopp 
 Everett Cook 
 Don and Sylvia Langois with Nicole and Keith Cunningham 
 Yuri Salnicof 
 Pamela Howard and Barbara Tober 
 Pam Taylor and Beau Polk 
 Katie Tozer and the boys (James and William) 
 Bob Thomas and Miriam Eaves 
 Ariana Rockefeller Bucklin and Matthew Bucklin 
 Alexis Vandermije, Alexis Bodenueimer, and Tracy Crane 
 Stephanie and Fred Clark 
 Christopher Breck and Amelia Osborne 
 Turquoise dream 
 Isabel Solmonsar and Alex Cecil 
 Bruce Anfindsen and Fred Kahm 
 Stephanie Lawrence, Olivia Sandelman, and Oliver Estreich 
 Loida Lewis, Mayor David Dinkins, and Fay Ann Lee 
 Eugene and Michelle Profit 
 Jocelyn Taylor 
 Veronica Wakefield, Flo Anthony, Helen Shelton, and Darrell Wakefield 
 David Dinkins 
 Cheryl Duncan and Sharon Lopez 
 Erin Nida, Christina Galesi, and Jennifer Gerstel Ringelstein 
 Jeffrey and Ina Garten 
 Alec Baldwin and Bob DeLuca 
 Tom McKee and Rachel Troy 
 Lee Fryd and Carrie Waible 
 Chris George and friend
 Natalie Smith, Avi Barak, and Andrew Goodwin 
 Erin Ahrens and Irene Moxson 
 Hilary Prentice and Katherine Brown 
 Lincy Thomas, Sujeet Indap, and Mae Llorente 
 Robin and Natalie Garner 
 Ross and Heather Schulman with Martin Okner 
 Ari Lerner and Brad Roberts 
 Gopa Dobson and Sherri Abruzzese 
 David Lees and Renee Landegger 
 Melissa Berkelhammer, Dr. Robert Grant, and Jill Brooke 
 Michael Levine and Mary Levine 
 Joseph Abruzzese, Michael Levine, Mary Levine, and Bill Koeningsberg 
 Richard Steinberg, Louise Kornfeld, and Stephen Kornfeld 
 Cricket Burns and Mark Gilbertson 
 Peter Davis, Julie Dannenberg, and Logan Scott 
 Paola and Arnold Rosenshein and Doug Benach 
 Bryan Johns, Alice Judelson, and Alec Call 
 Cricket Burns and Mark Gilbertson 
 Sarah Scofield and Dr. Robert Grant 
 Vebørn Sand and Lynette Dallas 
 Diana Feldman, Sherri Abruzzese, and Jean Shafiroff 
 Robert Sadian and Mark Emanuel 
 Sima Ghadamian, Mark Emanuel, Annette Rickel, and Sebastien David 
 Annette Rickel and Lisa Errico 
 Annette Rickel, Sebastien David, and Eleanora Kennedy 
 Eleanora and Michael Kennedy 
 Jorge Morales, Peter Jones, and Channing Bush 
 Lindsay Caprioni and Kristin Spacavento 
 Morad Ghadamian and Joseph Moinian 
 Marjorie Reed Gordon and Ellery Gordon 
 Evelyn Tompkins and Libby Fitzgerald 
 Annette Rickel, Richard Romanoff, and Carolyn Specht 
 Heather and Tom Leeds 
 Alexa Brazilian 
 Jared Jeffries and Deborah Needleman 
 Robert Thompson 
 Paul Sevigny 
 Nate Needleman 
 Ann Miller, CancerCare CEO Helen H. Miller, with CancerCare Board of Trustees Members Edward C. Lauber and Marsha J. Palanci 
 "The Big C" Executive Producer and Honoree Jenny Bicks with Congresswoman Nita Lowey 
 Lisa and Robert Gerbino 
 CancerCare CEO Helen H. Miller 
 Carol Fisher, Scott W. Fisher, Pamela Fisher 
 Actress Cynthia Nixon, CancerCare Board of Trustees President Susan Smirnoff, "The Big C" Creator Darlene Hunt, Master of Ceremonies Max Gomez 
 Actress Cynthia Nixon, CancerCare Board of Trustees President Susan Smirnoff, "The Big C" Creator Darlene Hunt 
 Dr. Mario Lacouture with CancerCare Director of Education and Training Carolyn Messner 
 Actress Cynthia Nixon, Writer Julie Rottenberg, Writer and Actress Liz Tuccillo 
Ron Ben-Israel 
Diana Lee and Annie Feng
Sarah Gore 
Lindsay Galoob
Nina Kuznetsova 
Rahaul Kamath and Arif Khan
Tiffany Parascand and Michelle Rose
Natalia Solovieva and Matthew Butlein 
Peter Martino, Sharon Marantz Walsh, and Johnny Sialiano
Genevieve Piturro
 Irving Salem and Gloria Kronenberg 
 Robin Elliott, Marsha Ackerman, Dr. Sheila Gordon, and Stephen Ackerman 
 Ernie Anastos, Stephanie Goldman-Pittel, and Andrew Pittel 
 Bob Benjamin and Valeria Ruggerio 
 Daniel Antonovich, Louise Spiezio, and Joseph Spiezio 
 Sarah Belk Gambrell 
 Carmen  and John  Thain 
 Dr. Nancy Green, Dr. Richard Mayeux, Dr. Herbert Pardes, and Dr. Nancy Wexler 
Liz Kritzer and Danielle Lise Desrochers
Matthew Ailey, Scott Bruckner, Greg Zaffiro 
Robin Meltzer and Barbra Locker
Malcolm Kutner and Christian Leone 
Mala and Jeff Sander 
Nanette Shaw and Isa Goldberg 
Geoffrey Bradfield, Chui-Ti Jansen, Baroness Sheri de Borchgrave, and David Braunstein
Patrick Tully 
Taylor Van Dusen and Stephen Kennard
Shail Uphaida, Karen Bass, and Neil Wolfe 
Zoey Shrier and Hanna Segal 
Andrea Blanch and Raul Siguera 
Tatjana Richardson, Eric Aho, and Andrea Gonce
Paul Anthony and Joan Macri 
 Kathy Brown and Dr. Susan Krysiewicz 
 Nancy Shevell and Peter Martins 
 Robbie Fairchild and Randal Craft 
 Gillian Attfield and Candace Beinecke 
 Maria Cristina Anzola, John Heimann, and Carolina Hererra 
 John Clark and Kristin Kennedy Clark 
 Herman Poon and Mina-Jacqueline Au 
 Kimberly Schlegel Whitman, Gigi Howard, and Myrna Schlegel 
 Jamie Colby, Noreen Donovan Roth, and Amy Treitel 
 Pam Colacino, Barbara Duvowski, and Pamela Morgan 
 Mina-Jacqueline Au and Tracey Frost Rensky 
 Lynn DeMatteis and Jane Pontarelli 
 Chelsea Dreamers at 2011 “I Have A Dream” Foundation Spring Gala.
 Cocktails 
Dinner
 An awesome table of kids 
 Democracy Prep World Percussion Ensemble 
 Honoree Thomas H Kean 
 Honoree Stuart Udell 
 Rafael Rodriguez and Eugene M Lang 
 Musukulah Kromah, Arthur Levine, and Eugene Lang 
 Long Dreamer Alumna, Chanel Edwards 
 Brunilda Guzman and Adalynn Pagan 
 Michelle Hord-White 
 Carlos Watson 
 Iris Chen, President & CEO 
 Marc Sternberg 
 Shmuel Meitar, US Senator Bob Kerrey, former Gov Thomas H Kean, and Stuart Udell 
 Myrna Dyson and Hasan Johnson 
 Leroy Lyons and Dr Inez Durham 
 Marcus Beasley, Shirley Pierre-Louis, Sheryce Woolery, and Kim Buxton 
 Erin Ward and Gowi Daswina 
 Nellie Simon, Jane Cavallaro, Michelle Gansberg, and Alice Cutler 
 Kathleen Giordano and Alma Ceballos 
 Zaria Taylor and Musukulah Kromah 
 Deyna Nelson and Dr Stephen Appea, Principal PS 327 
 Keith McCormick and Stephanie Andujar 
 Ray, Mark, Nicole, and Sergio Fornasiero, and Virginia Hersek 
 Arquan Leonard Jr and Voni Deeds 
 Abbey Muneer and Laura Korpa 
 Anthony Carter, Braynard Brown, and Kevin Boothe 
 Shmuel Meitar and Dreamers 
 Joel Rubin, Jeffrey A Fromm, and Karen Williamson 
 Cassidy Arkin and Melodi White 
 Anthony Carter and Samuel Baez 
 Abbey Muneer and Susan Pinco 
 Tricia Tumlinson, Jessica Nadaud, and Stephanie Durning 
 Arisleyda and Rafael Rodriguez 
 Joel Rubin, Stuart and Stacey Udell 
 Abel Salgado and Joel Rubin 
 Jose Hiraldo, Kevin Boothe, Marquis Baggett, and Braynard Brown 
 Udell family 
 Louise Dube, Charlotte Frank, and Shmuel Meitar 
 Stephanie Sosa and Chelsea Bueno 
 Don Wortzel, Lee Wortzel, Faith Gordon, and Richard Gordon 
 Sari G. Factor 
 Jeffrey A Fromm and Braynard Brown 
 J Ronald Terwilliger and Anthony Carter 
 Fred and Helen Frazier 
 Thierry Cazeau, Brandielee Johnson, Jamie Caceres, and Harold Friedman 
 Karlisle Honore and Ravenswood 2 Dreamers - Willie Britton, Samuel Baez, and Chelsea Bueno 
 Sherry Ulery, Traci Burgess, and Barbara Byrd-Bennett 
 Kristen Campbell and Seppy Basili 
 Thierry Cazeau, Eugene M Lang, and friend 
 Llewellyn P. Haden, Jr. and Joseph S. Brosnan 
 Catherine Diamond, Eugene Lang, and Jan Liss 
 Ray Llanos, Keith McCormick, Catherine Diamond, Eugene Lang, and Jan Liss 
 Joan Azrack and Annie Ballaine 
 Eva Gonzalez,Willie Britton, and Nydia Zapata 
 Tim McNiff, Annemarie Hochkeppel, Pat Lacognata, and Peter Vallone 
 Sy Fleigel, Thomas H. Kean, Seth Andrew, and Kenneth D. Merrin 
 Diane and Howard Wohl 
 Elinor Seevak and Judith Colton 
 Glenn Sapadin and Alan Pines 
 Hannah Rosenthal 
 Ronald Stanton and Howard Ganek 
 Adelina Wong Ettelson 
 Betsy Hanley and Nadja Swarovski 
 Kurt Gutenbrunner and Eric Chavot 
 Helmut Swarovski and Danna Swarvoski 
 Marjorie Gubelmann and Nate Berkus 
 Peter Lyden and Sarah Medford 
 Jessie Tisch and Emma Bloomberg 
 Rudy Guiliani and Paul Celluci 
 Sue Mingus 
 Bessie Garber, Gail Yamner, Barbara Copeland, and Rani Garfinkle 
 Nicole Slezlak and Mark Wetzel 
 Douglas Hannant and Patricia Clarkson 
 Dr. Robert Grant and Jean Shafiroff 
 Christopher Salyer and Chele Chiavacci 
 Melanie Holland, Gigi Stone, and Alexandra Lind Rose 
 Felicia Taylor and Liliana Cavendish 
 Stella Levi (second from left) with her family members (far left) John Grunberg and (far right) Lynn Forest, and Primo Levi Center Director Natalia Indrimi (second from right) 
 Gallery educator and Patron member Priscilla Grabino with her guest Kay Kalegerakis 
 Spring Women's Luncheon Committee Member Marilyn Rosen, her mother Angie Goldfeier, and Ayelet Rosen 
 June Feiss Hersh, author of Recipes Remembered: A Celebration of Survival, with Cynthia Perl 
 Museum Trustee Fanya Gottesfeld Heller with Lucinda Morgenthau 
 Carol Holmes McCarthy, Ned O'Gorman, and Helena Lehane 
 Idline Scherrer, Dick De Scherer, and Jenny De Scherer 
 Eric Javits, Geoffrey Bradfield, Helena Lehane, and Roric Tobin 
 Barbara Goldberg and Bill Holmes 
 Francis Howard, Judy Polyne, and Sharon Chantiles 
 Constance Hauman 
 Gerl Surratt and Mark Wancer 
 Roger Webster and Helena Lehane 
 Eloise Patterson and Brennon Marcano 
 Jacob Bellan and Katrin Bellan 
 Stephanie Cole, Elika Cole, and Mary Bartos 
 Joshua Wolff and Constance Hauman 
 Carl and Gigi Grimstad 
 Bonnie Pfeifer-Evans 
 Miles Morgan and Nancy Gehman 
 Jay Paul and Sandra Jones 
 John Alexander and Annette Holl 
 Barbara Lehrer 
 Kara, Florence, and David Hertz 
 Suzie Whelan, Mike Whelan, and Emma Santucci 
 Ariella Hurwitz and Andrew Hurwitz 
 Marcus Roberts Trio 
Friends of the High Line and AOL celebrated the opening of Section 2 of the High Line.
 Rainbow City by FRIENDS WITH YOU 
 Lisa Maria Falcone 
 Lisa Maria Falcone and Dr. Fredric Brandt 
 Hall Hammond, Pat Hammond, Jeff Hammond, and Robert Hammond 
 Auzelle Epeneter and Syl Tang 
 Anita Sarko and Wendy Lerman 
 Adam Nettler and Joan Robinson 
 Karin Kohlberg and Oliver Mahrdt 
 Tury Sandoval, Robert Hammond, Joshua David, and Sam Borkson 
 Nicholas Stern and Rem Grady 
 Lisa Anastos and Zev Eisenberg 
 Lizzie Tisch and Hope Sidman 
 Joshua David and Robert Hammond 
 Robert Zimmerman and Mario Palumbo 
 Tessa Roush, Jay Kriegel, and Kathryn McAullife 
 Tom Grizzle 
Taking in the view
 Jeremy Irons and Melissa Errico 
 Jen Buckley and Terrance Colter 
 Lawrence and Marla Berg 
 Martin O'Neil and Eugenia Carrington 
 Alessandra Tocco, Sandie O'Connor, Carlos Hernandez, and Nelli Childs 
 Cathy and Ron Rezza 
 The Rinaldini family (Emilia, Bonnie Caputo Tieurzi, Vika, Luis, Julie) as the Royal family:  Prince Harry, Camilla Duchess of Cornwall, Kate Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Philip, and Queen Elizabeth at The Theodore Roosevelt Sanctuary & Audubon Center's 2011 Legacy of Conservation Gala.
 Chevy Chase, Veronica Kelly, Jayni Chase, and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly 
 Michael Douglas and Penny Marshall 
 Desiree Gruber and Kyle MacLachlan 
 Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and Jon Bon Jovi 
 Michael Douglas and Ronald Perelman 
 Nicole Cicogna addresses the crowd
 Denny Chin and Greg Kelly 
 Barbara Russell
              and Ron Sharpe
 Devon Sharma, Harold McGraw, and Gene Ludwig 
 Judge Leslie Crocker Snyder and Fredric Snyder 
 Callie and Randy Snook 
 Hannah and Reesa Goldstein 
 Nicole Cicogna and Harold (Terry) McGraw 
 Paul and Eleuthere Paul du Pont IV
 Warrie Brice, Joe Famularo, and Liz and Henry Baker 
 Percy Preston and Denny Chin 
 August du Pont, Patricia Platt, and Alexandra Platt 
 Pat Milano and Ken Vittor 
 Mitzi Perdue and Lauren Lawrence 
 Arina Harden, Nesli Danisman, and Jen Kelly 
 Greg Kelly and Nicole Cicogna 
 Nancy McGraw and Mary Smyth 
 Harold and Nancy McGraw 
 Andrew Siceloff, Evan McGrath, Patrick McNamara, Caroline Pfeiffer, Kate Hall, and Jimmy McNamara 
 Charles and Julie Truax 
 Eleuthere Paul du Pont IV and Sarah Mazlin Nir 
 Diane Downs, Dee Snook, and Hartley du Pont 
 Stanislav Sokolov and Roy Kean 
 Prash Akkapeddi and Ron White 
 Andrew Bishop and Margaret Tobin 
 David Stafford, Victor A Kovner, Glenn Goldberg, and Carolyn Foley 
 Kate Hall and Jimmy McNamara 
 Grace and Jacquelyn Karl 
 Rupak and Survi Kobawala 
 Robert Milisits and Louise Raymond 
 Percy Preston Jr., Yesenia Zuniga, and Robert Johnson 
 Samantha Roman and Tiffany Arce 
 Margaret Chase 
 James Grosso 
 Alice Truax - President of the Board 
 Martha Acosta, Stephanie Basler, and Jen Kelly for Marc Jacobs 
 Lonnie  and Sharon Quinn 
 Judith Aisen and Ken Vittor 
 McGraw Hill
              table
 Edward C. Mohlenhoff, Grail Moore, James Tiberg, Maud Robertson, Robyn Philip-Norton 
 Louise Norris and Maud Robertson 
 Susan Peterson Neuhaus, Kate Cifarelli, Yvonne Noonan-Cifarelli, and Jacqueline and Philip Blocklyn 
 William O'Connell, Julie O'Connell, and Thomas and Shelia Leiber 
 Linda and Park Benjamin, III 
 Alice and Edward Von Briesen, Susan MacKinnon, and Robert and Jean Henning 
 Howard Phipps 
 Constantine Sidamon-Eristoff, Thomas O'Hadley, and Anne Sidamon-Eristoff 
 James Large 
 Emilia Rinaldini and Bonnie Caputo Tieurzi 
 Honorees Helen Crosson, Alice del Bosco, Julie Rinaldini, and Ted Scherff 
 John Norbeck 
 Lynda Anderson 
 Barry Parker and Michelle Chamberlain 
 James Stebbins and Carol Large 
 Frank and Meredith Olt 
 Fran Smith, Nicole Yarnold, and David Yarnold 
 Delta Willis and Anne Thompson 
 Susan Shaw and Dale Perry 
 Mark Gilbertson, Clare McKeon, and Lou Fowler 
Ellie Cullman and Jackie Weld Drake
Joni Evans
Amy Fine Collins
Enid Nemy
Daisy Soros
Nicholas Grimaldi (Director of External Affairs)
Marguerite De La Poer
Martha Bograd
Noreen Buckfire
Parker Ladd
Stephanie Koons Stokes
Saundra Whitney
 Oliver Nourry, Ere Krzyzanoski, and Charles Novitz 
 Norma Louise Depaur and Stephen Burks 
 Everard Findlay, Stephen Burks, and Matthew Hise 
 Holly Block and Nicole Klagsbrun 
 Spencer Means and Garrett Hornsby 
 Patty Otis Abel, Eva Shapivo, and Joann Locktov 
 Delphine Diallo and Stephen Burks 
 Adam Smith with Vera Djonovic 
 Annesley, Sydney, and Virginia Apple 
 Anna and Ava Safir with Eleanora Kennedy 
 Brick, Suzanne, and Jack Johnson 
Diana DiMenna and daughters
 Lila, Carter and Amy Beal 
 Kamie Lightburn, Nina Whitman, Jessica Oliver, and Kathryn Beach 
 Poppy, Blair, and Georgina Clarke 
 Suzanne Johnson, Gillian Miniter, Doug Blonsky, and Anne Harrison 
 Cynthia and Mary Van Pelt 
 Thomas, Yesim, and Samantha Philip 
 Whitney Topping, Quincy Topping, Robert Topping, Nancy Missett 
 Face painting 
 Swinging 
 Crafts 
 Hula hooping 
 Vehicle exploring 
 Stilt walking
 Cup cake decorating 
 Cathie Black and Alison Harvey 
 Carolyn Clark Tenney, Andree Simon, and Alexandria Altman 
 Dale Berger and Linda Kaye 
 Isobel Coleman and Sebastian Junger 
 Ginger Brown and Angela Chen 
 Laura Burrows and Patsy Garno 
 Jewelle Bickford and Lucy Billingsley 
 Adam Johnson and Mark Rebstock 
 Honoree Gary Mueller, Executive Director Deborah Clifford, and Honoree Jacob Haar 
 Alberto Vitale and David Heleniak 
 Gisele and Robert Lapiner 
 Mariam Azarm, Shelia Atchison, and Barbara Simon 
 Katya Musacchio. Gokhan Coskun, Harriet Fulbright, and Brittany Lynk 
 Paul Holmes and Jocelyn Noveck 
 Kiono Thomas and Bill Sterns 
 Cynthia and Dan Clifford 
 Jeff Lee, Honoree Sherry Mueller, Sharry Dam, and Ambassador Donald Easum 
 Rose Kiwanuka and Mike Delvecchio 
 Chris Lentz and Tatiana Perkin 
 Caitlin and Charlie Wardell with Sabine Eckle 
 Meredith Niemczyk and Patrick McDermott 
 Elijah Duckworth-Schachter and Lydia Tower 
 Shelby Semino, Matt Semino, and Lauren Semino 
 Stephen Czeck and Michael Riebling 
 Commissioner Adrian Benepe and Bette Midler 
 Mayor Bloomberg with Ellen and Richard Levine 
 Vernon Evenson, Patricia Pineda, Amy Freitag, and Hilary Ayala 
 Sherri Shepherd and Judy Gold 
 Ellen and Richard Levine with Bette Midler 
 Triple Edwards and Robert Webber 
 George Malkemus III (center) and friends 
 Pamela Bol and Adam Riess 
 Ann Ziff 
 Everett and Sally Schenk 
 Michael Sylvester and Sarah Nash 
 Mica Ertegun and Bette Midler 
 John and Carol McEnerney 
 Dr. Cecelia McCarton 
 Beverly and George Szakacs 
 Robert Zengotita, Teri O'Neill, and Sandra Richards 
 Suzanne Rubin and Michele Russell Johnson 
 Olivia Tromm and Joe Pierce 
 John and Christine Williams 
 Chad Kafprzak, Kathe Friedman, Peter Prinstein, and Susan Harte 
 Lawrence Putterman and Loralee Ballesteros 
 Nicole and Mark Tiger with Hayden 
 Seymore Gussack, Peter Pollack, and Steven A Cohen 
 Leila Pinto and Paul Winum 
 Alexander and Daisy Chaplin 
 Allison Black and Shaim Shimonov 
 Cindy Farkas Glanzrock and James Libby 
 Tomaczeck Bednarek, auctioneer 
 Sig Ackerman and Dr Cecelia McCarton 
 Beverly Riddick, Victor Franklin, and Carla Harris 
 Glenn Dubin and Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD 
 John and Betty Levin, Dennis S. Charney, MD, and Andrea Charney 
 Jon and Lizzie Tisch 
 Diane and Blaine V. Fogg 
 Daniel Antonovich, Louise Spiezio, and Joseph Spiezio 
 Irving Salem and Gloria Kronenberg 
 Robin Elliott, Marsha Ackerman, Dr. Sheila Gordon, and Stephen Ackerman 
 Sarah Belk Gambrell 
 Nick Gregory, Margo Catsimatidis, and Dr. Karen Burke Goulandris 
 Missy Egbert Sheehan and G. Pennington Egbert III 
 Carmen and John Thain 
 Dr. Nancy Green, Dr. Richard Mayeux, Dr. Herbert Pardes, and Dr. Nancy Wexler 
 Michael J. Stengel, Mrs. Stengel, and Brian Stokes Mitchell 
 Kathie Lee Gifford 
 Michael J. Stengel,  Joe Benincasa, Abby Schroeder, and Brian Stokes Mitchell 
 David Marriott and Bebe Neuwirth 
 Andy Reed and Wife 
 Liz Calloway 
 Soloist Tia Fuller plays "America, the Beautiful." 
 Earvin "Magic" Johnson and NMSDC President Joset B. Wright
 Kevin Liles and Erika Liles 
 Bode Miller 
 Peter Lamm with Drs. Petre and Kovak, Kate Coyne, Deborah Lamm, and Robert Liberman 
 Drs. Currao, Kate Coyne, Dr. Spurlock with Herbie The Labrador Retriever and Lisa Roumell 
 AMC Doctors 
 Elaine Langone and Robert Liberman 
 Kate Coyne, Trustee Alexandra Goelet, and Dr. Bill Muir 
 Herbie 
 Mary Monaco, Libby Monaco McCarthy, and Dr. Ann Hohenhaus 
 Event chairs Kane Nussbaum, Helene Stein, and Barbara Hoffman with Dr. Ann Hohenhaus 
 Trustees Janet York and Iris Love 
 Peter Lamm, Kate Coyne, Dr. Kovak, Dr. Petre and Deborah Lamm with Amos accepting his award 
 Tracy Sullivan-MacPhee, Patricia Dunnington, Honorary Co-Chair, Wendy L-J. McNeil, Vice President, Board of Trustees 
 Ari Wiseman, Deputy Director and LTA Student Docent 
 Donna Slade and Pamela Salvatore 
 David Rockefeller and Roger Housden 
 Lise Stone, Susan Rockefeller, and Eli Evans 
 David Rockefeller and Amy Gross 
 Lise Stone, Patricia Huntington, Poras Malik, and Amir Ghavi 
 Tatiana and Thorne Perkin 
 Camilla and Joseph Solari III 
 Elizabeth Meigher, Matthew Mellon, and Nicole Hanley Mellon 
 Chris Breck and Eva Baczynska 
 Rich and Kamie Lightburn 
 Ken Langone, Carl Tiedemann, and Dan Lufkin 
 James Zirin and Marlene Hess 
 Leah Lane and Alex Washer 
 Peter Avery, Robert Frisch, Donna Finn, and Ira Rosenberg 
 Helen Guditis 
 Donna Finn and Peter Avery 
 Jenny Fellner 
 Anita Gillette and Bonnie Comley with friends
 Gregg Edelman 
 Hal Prince, Stewart Lane, and Bonnie Comley 
 Jim Dale and Charlotte Rae 
 Spiros and Antonia Milonas 
 Olympia Dukakis 
 John Catsimatidis 
 Ernie and Kelly Anastos
 Margo Langenberg, Rita Cosby, and Tomaczek Bednarek 
 Nick Katsoris, Olympia Dukakis, Ernie Anastos, and Nick Gregory 
 Nick Katsoris, Constantine Demopoulous, and Margo Catsimatidis 
 Larry Wohl and Robin Cofer 
 Chris DeRose and Jane Thorvaldson 
 Chris DeRose, John Magzalcioglu, and Chervin Dalaeli 
 Matt Wayne and Karen Biehl 
 Grace Forster and Karen Biehl 
 Ellen Lenkind 
 Dr. Deborah Levy and Dr. Elliot G Levy 
 Lee Fryd 
 Carine Celice and Justyna Podviemska 
 Katiria Toro 
 Anton Wong and Larry Wohl 
 Jimmy Walls and Bebe Buell 
 Marco Ricotta, Jodine Russo, and Lee Mellis 
 Anne Frederick, Morgan Hare, Jim St. Andre, and Peter McCuen 
 Morgan Hare and Marc Turkel 
 Commissioner Adrian Benepe and Anne Frederick, Director of Hester Street Collaborative 
 Anne Frederick and Morgan Hare 
 Senator Daniel Squadron 
 Lana Lenar and Morgan Hare 
 Commissioner Adrian Benepe, Anne Frederick, and Commissioner William Castro 
 Samantha Hammer, Diana Galik, and Christa Carr 
 Rose Dergan and Amanda Fuhrman 
 Michele Gerber Klein, Melyora Kramer, and Jennifer Argenti 
 Olivia Chantecaille and Rose Dergan 
 Kalliope Karella and Marisa Brown 
 Amy Gold, Helaine Pruzan, and Dina Propp 
 Hillary Leibowitz and Jill Bikoff 
 Lynn Tobias and Renate Zimet 
 Stanley B. Shopkorn with wife Tracy and son Matthew 
 Honoree and VF Corp Chairman Eric C. Wiseman with wife Susan and daughters 
 Keith T. Anderson with Ralph Schlosstein 
 Kenneth G. Langone with Keith T. Anderson 
 Jacques Jiha, Executive Vice President / COO and CFO of Earl G. Graves, Ltd./Black Enterprise 
 Ronald McDonald House New York Board Member Tina Lundgren with RMH-NY resident Chloe Hewitt 
 Mackey McDonald, Eric C. Wiseman, and Terry Lundgren 
 Brett Dunne and Alan Brown 
 Eric Muhlrad and Avi Amouyal 
 Marc and Beth Banker 
 Beth Banker and friends 
 Jodi Turk and friends 
 Anne Calvert and Stephanie Shayne 
 Andrea Karambelas, Cassandra Seidenfeld, Alan Behr, and Edmundo Huerta 
 Carolina Zapf and John Josephson 
 Lea Miller and Robert Lee Fowler 
 Princess Marina Pianatelli and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 Emma Snowdon Jones, Billy Kreitsek, and Tracy Stern 
 Nadia Rottger 
 Peter Davis and Amy Sacco 
Performers greet the guests on Ellis Island as The National Ethnic Coalition of Organizations held its 25th annual Ellis Island Medal of Honor ceremony followed by a black tie gala in The Great Hall on Ellis Island. 
 Roxanne Mankin Cason and Mardy Cason 
 Donna Hanover, Ed Matthews, and Paula Zahn 
 Michelle Bachelet and Roxanne Mankin Cason 
 Loreen Arbus 
 Ivanka Trump and Lauren Bush 
 Timothy Mandala, Paula Zahn, and Reichen Lehmkuhl 
 Scene of lower Manhattan 
 Sailing on the Hudson River 
 Performers greet the guests on Ellis Island
 Servicemen
            great the gala guests
 Omalley Irish Dance Performers 
 Korean Tradional Dance Institute dancers 
The Great Hall on Ellis Island
The newly designed Medals of Honor
The scene before the medal ceremony
 Marvin Scott 
 Margaret Ajemiam Ahnert 
 Patrick Henry 
 Don Shula 
 John O'Hurley 
 Servicemen and women 
 Nasser J. Kazeminy (Chairman NECO) 
 Staff Sgt. Salvatore Giunta 
 Giancarlo Crupi, MD 
 Robert S. Hekemian 
 Doris Roberts 
 Jim Clifton 
 Kathleen  and Wayne Newton 
 Jerry Lewis 
 USO Liberty Bells 
 Michele M. Rollins 
 Medal of Honor recipients 
 Stewart Lane and Bonnie Comley 
 Dorothy Harber and Lacy Harber 
 Wayne Newton, James Comley, and Marvin Scott 
 Stewart Lane, Bonnie Comley, Virgina Comley, James Comley, Christine Washer, Alex Washer, Carol Washer, and Cliff Washer 
 Virginia and James Comley 
 Lauren Pizza, Arielle Pizza, Danny Pizza, and Joe Pizza 
 Fireworks illuminate the Statue of Liberty 
 Maia Collins and Glenn Keenan 
 Jean Shafiroff 
 Matthew Broderick and Sarah Jessica Parker 
 Kathy Brown and Nat Leventhal 
 Betsey Johnson 
 Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia 
 Pamela Joyner and Darren Walker 
 Stephanie LaCava 
 Carmen Dell'Orefice 
 Gabe Saporta and Erin Fetherston 
 Ulla Parker 
 Alexandra Lebenthal 
 Arden Wohl and Stephanie LaCava 
 Alexandra Lebenthal, Dr. Susan Krysiewicz, Jean Shafiroff, and Fe Fendi 
 Brooke Shields 
 Sophia Lamar 
 Arianna Huffington 
 Chris Licht and Savannah Guthrie 
 Donny Deutsch, Tina Brown, and Holly Peterson 
 Howard Axel and Julie McMahon 
 Ernie Pomerantz and Mort Zuckerman 
 Lesley Stahl 
 Judith Regan, Cathy O'Hearn, and Kathleen Parker 
 Miles Nadal, Donny Deutsch, and Scott Kauffman 
 Frick Director Anne L. Poulet, Deputy Director and Chief Operating Officer Robert Goldsmith, and Board Chairman Margot C. Bogert 
 Sloan Overstrom, Clare E. McKeon, and Caitlin and Michael Davis 
 Juliet L. Falchi and Christina Eberli 
Jerome Jacalone and Judith Prause
 John Vrolyk, Marcella E. Dresdale, and Alexandra Brown 
 Janette Soto and Brigitta Petzold 
 Stephen Bury, the Frick's Andrew W. Mellong Chief Librarian, with Raphaelle and Victoria Sondak 
 Cator Sparks and Lesley M. M. Blume 
 Melanie Lazenby and Lacary Sharpe 
 Lisa Maki and Joseph F. Duronio 
 John Holland and friend
 Board Chairman Margot C. Bogert, Jeremiah Bogert, and Caroline Milbank 
 Robert Sepulveda and Dorothy Aaronson 
 Conservator Joseph Godla and Associate Curator of Decorative Arts Charlotte Vignon 
 Helen Clay Chace, Sofia Blanchard, Margot C. Bogert, and Peter P. Blanchard 
 Charlie Schlangen and Victoria Hawbecker 
 Mark Tortarella, Zeid Barakat, and Emily Axel 
 Peter Timmins and Amy Spratt 
 Chris Mayhan and Lee Warehan 
 Renee  and Richard Steinberg 
 Paul M. Frank, Stewart Clifford, and Ray Wareham 
 Sarah Huyoung and James Huyoung 
 Ray  and Lee Wareham 
 Alexis Clark 
 Alix Laughlin and Christie Schiff 
 Bill Smith and Nina Griscom 
 Courtney Moss, Mark Gilbertson, Gigi Mortimer, Nathalie Kaplan, and Bettina Zilkha 
 Carol Mack and Pamela Fiori 
 Elaine Wynn, Elizabeth Blau, and Pamela Fiori 
 Gigi Mortimer and Lauren duPont 
 Jennifer Creel and Whitney Fairchild 
 Liz Lange, Jane Wagman, Wendy Clurman, and Lauren dePont 
 Lauren duPont and Jonathan Becker 
 Mark Gilbertson and Whitney Fairchild 
 Richard Mishaan and Bettina Zilkha 
Chinese Arts Revival hosted a celebration of Asian Heritage Month at Radiance Tea House
 Stanley Willers, Angela Ho, and Gail Rachlin 
 Calogero Lumia, Liliane Shalom, Jana Jaffe, and Sebastian Raspanti 
 Carrie Hung and Kent Swig 
 Chris and Grace Meigher 
 Dave Williams III and Dave Williams, Jr. 
 Dariya Caron and Pingyi Lee Noto 
 Gregg Slotnick and Victoria Vicuna 
 Josh Zeide, Damon Noto, and Steve Norris 
 Kent Swig and Patrick Harvey 
 Liliane Shalom, Patrick Harvey, and Calogero Lumia 
 Rick Sable, Gail Rachlin, and Robson Mello 
 Ronald Jackson and Scott Rutter 
 Sandra Schwartz and Albert Ouaknine 
 Lyn Muse and Larry Boerder 
 Pete Miller, Paul Gunther, and Courtney Coleman 
 Maureen Chilton and Julie Sakellariadis 
 Kelly Price, Anne Lawson, and Calder Loth 
 Courtney and Nick Stern 
 Suzanne Santry and Paul Gunther 
 Sam Blount, Harry Hinson, and Tripp March 
 Victoria Baran 
 Eric and Nancy Littlejohn 
 Louise and Hugo Beit 
 Emily Eerdmans, Michael Eaton, Theresa Burt, and Michael Franck 
 Peter Pennoyer, Andrew and Francoise Skurman 
 Carlos Picon and Anna Clemencia Fox 
 Gil Schafer and Briana Miller 
 Andrew Zega, Peter Pennoyer, Bill Harrison, and Bernd Dams 
 Natalie Jacobs and Mark Ferguson 
 Charlotte Moss, Hervé Aaron, and Margaret Russell 
 Bunny Williams and Cynthia Conigliario 
 Mike Gilmore, Alfredo Parades, Peter Pennoyer, and Bill Harrison 
 Trish Walsh, Simon de Pury, and Barbara McLaughlin 
 Jennifer Lantzas, Ashley Ludwig, Will Ryman, and Jonathan Kuhn 
 Eugenie Niven Goodman and Fernanda Niven 
 Patricia Burnham and Bill Brock 
 Patricia G. Hambrecht, Barbara McLaughlin, and Judith Hess 
 Jeanne Lawrence 
 Mikel Witte, Helena Martinez, and Derek Limbocker 
 Luisa Pagel and Susan Relyea 
 Marie Norton, Jonathan Tait, and Kathleen Lamborn 
 Douglas Kerridge and Susie Oliver 
 Sara Hamblett, Fred Clark, and Stephanie Clark 
 Fred and Suzy Bancroft 
 View from La Suite 
 Maria Bartiromo, CNBC and Tom O'Brien, CNBC 
 Detlef Hooyboer and Michelle Hooyboer-Winklaar, Minister of Economic Affairs, Social Affairs and Culture, Aruba 
 Pierre-Marie Boisson, Chairman, Societe Generale De Solidarite SA 
 Maria Bartiromo, CNBC and Sir Martin Sorrell, CEO, WPP PLC 
 Lizzie Allen, FT, Hugo Foulds, CNBC, and Darcy Keller, FT 
 Airton Villafranca, CEO & Head of OCC, Brazil, Standard Chartered Bank and José Luis de Rojas, CEO, Iberia and Latin America, Aegis Media 
 Beija Flor Samba school 
 Agathe and Daniel Amzallag 
 Ram Murali, Kristina Klebe, and Marc Lewinstein 
 Diane Ackerman and Ralph Destino 
 Khadija Atif 
 Philippe Lalliot and Imssy Klebe
 John Galantic, Imssy Klebe, and Marguerite Mangin
 Peter Regna and Mariam Azarm 
 Veronique and Bruno Bich 
 Coco Kopelman, Imssy Klebe, Marguerite Mangin, Odile de Schietere-Longchampt
 Barbara Regna 
 Elisabeth Cros 
 Debutante Daniela Cortes Portaro
 Charles Seidler and OSL President Emeritus and Gala Co-Chair Marianne Lockwood 
 Helen Appel and OSL Board Member Bob Appel 
 OSL President and Executive Director Katy Clark and OSL Board Member Barbara Feldon 
 Mark Sylvestri and OSL Board Member Kristin Barbato 
 Ariel and Margot Aisiks 
 Aviva Yakven and Dan Nissenbaum 
 Roberta Amon, Evelyn Lauder, and Denise LeFrak 
 Henry Buhl 
 Harlan Peltz, Deborah Peltz, and Jay Goldberg 
 Trish McEvoy and Cheryl Minikes 
 Ira Kettner and Rachel Rudin 
 Tom Cashin, Phillip Gebbia, and Jay Johnso 
Betsy Sussler and Francine Prose
 Alix Michel and Clif de Raita 
 Joe Lanteri and Cognac Wellerlane 
 Chef Fredriq, Edward Callaghan, and Paul Chapman 
 Nominees Angie Schworer, Rachel de Benedet, and Jennifer Frankel 
 Debra Rothberg, Tia Walker, and Berry Brown 
 Nominees J. Elaine Marcos and Nick Adams 
 Gregory Speck, Sara Johnson Kaplan, and Bill Irwin 
 Minov 
 Jermaine Browne, Bronwen Carson, and Christopher Freer 
 Lee Roy Reams and Nominee Kathleen Marshall 
 Lani and Manny Azenberg 
 Iris Apfel 
 Hoda Kotb, Kathie Lee Gifford, and Natalie Morales 
 Willie Geist, Hoda Kotb, Natalie Morales, and Kathie Lee Gifford 
 Natalie Morales 
 Jill Martin and Natalie Morales 
 Gary Springer, Leslie Maier, Lori Buher, and James Naughton 
 Eric Knight and Brittney Drye 
 Gary Springer, Kamie Crawford, and Lynn Bozof 
 Olivia Springer and Nick Springer 
 Dr. James C. Turner, Leslie Maier, and Lynn Bozof 
 Susan James and Jamie de Roy 
 Arthur Becker and Vera Wang 
 Ambassador John L. Loeb, Jr. and Sharon Handler 
Sylvia and Alistair Ferguson with Molly and David Borthwick
Jolie and Chuck Nelson
Jeff Hamlin, salutee Inge Heckel, and Birch Coffey
Mitch Owens and Stephanie Stokes
Chas Miller, salutee Patti Matson, and Joan Watkins
Allison White and George Angelich
Richard Driehaus, honoree Allan Greenberg, and Judith Seligson
Adele Chatfield-Taylor and Richard Sammons
Judith Seligson, honoree Allan Greenberg, and Suzanne and Bill Pritchard
Anne Edgar and Donald Albrecht
Niall Hobhouse, Suzanne Stephens, Robert A. M. Stern, and Philea Dominick
Cyndy Spurdle and Susie Magee
Chas Miller and Judith Prause
 Honoree Allan Greenberg, Kathy Springhorn, and Robert A.M. Stern 
John Spurdle and Wendy Moonan
Chippy Irvine, Allan Greenberg, Judith Seligson, and Cyndy Spurdle
 Agnes Hassell, Anika Noni Rose, and Doris Meister 
 Kathleen Marshall, James Turley, and Lewis Black 
 Ann and Dickinson and Richard Purington 
 Bob and Kim Cagnazzi 
 Julia Trotta and Linda Nochlin 
 Susan Mahoney and Michael Grunberg 
 Sachiko and Lawrence Goodman 
 Deb Robinson, Rebecca Sternthal, and Chrissy Earpf 
 Betsey and Bill Ruprecht 
 Jennifer and David Stockman 
 Jeff Koons 
 Edward Heim, Ellen Reid, and Jean Doyen de Montaillou 
 Kathleen O'Grady with Susan and John Tremaine 
 Marjorie Weiss Martay and co-chair Susan Ball 
 Mary and John Williams with Anita Glesta 
 Dave Schroeder and Lenny Picket 
 Theodora Schamber and Peter Gilman 
 Victoria Anstead and Doug Fierro 
 Ray Parisi, Joey Lico, Matt Butler, and Benjamin Moore 
 Meg Louis and Barbara Louis 
 Charles Bergman, Stuart Levy, and Kerrie Buitrago 
 Bettina Prentice and Juan Hinojosa 
 Michèle Gerber Klein, Jeff Mann, and Jillian and Kate Gaslow 
 Ann Mann and Lauri Fliegel 
 Joanne Arbuckle, Jeff Mann, and Karen Bromley 
 Denise LeFrak and Roberta Amon 
 Glenn Schlossberg and Burton Saunders 
 Richard Cohen, Shari Forrest, and Jim Bush 
 Malgorzata Brzakalska-Smith 
 Marshall Perrin and Lee Stenner 
 Ruth Fleischmann, Daniel Colon, Michèle Gerber Klein 
Michelle Yeoh and Jean Todt
Mélanie Thierry
Blake Lively’s Chanel Madamoiselle handbag 
Amanda Schweitzer and Kate Kelly
Clockwise from top left: Jessye Norman and Bonnie Englebardt Lautenberg; Richard K. DeScherer, Jennie DeScherer, Susie Klein, and Shelley Mendell; Marty Cokin, Betsey Selkowtiz, and Jennifer Lapine; Gari Dansky, Rachel Frankel, Mary Belle, and Lyssa Weiss; Peggy Dowd.
Margaret Cuomo Maier and Matilda Cuomo 
 Alexis Tobin and Nell Constance 
 Bob Colacello, Dustin Yellen, and Vito Schnabel 
 Hannah Bronfman 
 Carlton DeWoody, Gillian Schwartz, Kyle DeWoody, and Gordon Hull 
 Liv Tyler 
 Susan Hort, Michael Hort, and Laura Tomaselli 
 Scholarship Chair Steve Cho talks over the Lotus Evora IPS 
 Jimmy Vassar and  E.J. Viso in Lotus Evora IPS 
 Fe Fendi in Lotus Evora IPS 
 Emma Snowdon-Jones 
 Yaz Hernandez 
 Elizabeth Kurpis 
 Mayra Tozzi, Mariana Zois, and Aline Nakashma 
 Courtney and Tom Booth 
 Tatiana Platt and Fe Fendi 
 Kari Pinkernell 
 Peter Standish, Maria Yang, Barbara Byrne, Tom Byrne, and Phil Yang 
 Lisa Yom 
 Joan Young, Barbara Byrne, and Maria Yang 
 Elia and Mariana Zois 
 Justin Concannon, Roric Tobin, Chiu Tijansen, and Geoffrey Bradfield 
 John Sanchez and Candida Romanelli 
 Alexis  and Priscilla Zoullas 
 Joan Young, Phil Yang, Elia Zois, and Chris LaSusa 
 Alison Minton and friend
 Leonard Lauder and Evelyn Lauder 
 Eliza Osborne and Dr. Peter Scheer 
 Evelyn Lauder and Barbara Fields 
 Leonard Lauder, Nancy Lynn, Lisa Dennison, and Terry Lundgren 
 Dr. Howard Fillit 
 Mia McChesney and Sarah Wieber 
 Daniel Loeb 
 Jeffrey Weinberg, Nancy Lynn, Nancy Corzine, and Deborah Krulewitch 
 Elia Monte-Brown, Kristine Kaplan, and Josh Fert 
 Diana Stuffer, Richard Mimitri, Myra Klenicki, Christianne and John Dimitri 
 Joe Johnson, Juan Manso, Katie Murtha, and Naomi Weinstock 
 Vanessa Fusco, Jeffrey Lee, and Rebecca Kellog 
 Christine Cachot and Patricia Harterneck 
 Sarah T Morrow 
 Jing Huang and Richard Ravini 
 Mita Singh, Hadley King, LiMin Ching, and Philip Starck 
 Emma Snowdon-Jones and Zev Eisenberg 
 Sara Meyer, Dana Reder, and Abby Vedder 
 Andrea Lawn and Jared Longhitano 
 Madeleine Barbara and Marcia Levy 
 Tom Danilek, Julie Oimoen, Donna Davies, and Hanna Oimoen 
 Clinton Howell with Catherine and Donald Heald 
 Emily Collins, Abby Starliper, and Maggie Moore 
 Jon Neckes and Tara Price 
 Simon Stock and Bruno Francois 
 Heidi Skolnik 
 Drinks in the Roosevelt Rotunda 
 Susan Fales-Hill and Prince Dimitri of Yugoslavia 
 Colleen and Kip deVeer 
 Stephanie LaCava 
 Zibby and Andrew Right, Dana Wallach Jones and Michael T. M. Jones 
 Kristen and Michael Kaufman 
 Shayne Barr, Katherine Bernard, and Jeb Gaybrick 
 Meredoth Ostrom 
 Paulette Fox 
 CNBC Correspondent, Sharon Epperson 
 Dick Robinson, Shawna Hamilton Doster, and Patrick Daley 
 Esther Babb, Merritt Fog, Andrew Fulton, and Kate Mack 
 Andrei Saunders and Carolyn Saunders 
 Cathy MacFarlane, Elaine Clark, and Brenda Dean 
 Shawna Hamilton and Rick McVey 
 Sarah Kreiner 
 Susan Newman 
Trustee Janet Green, Cockie Roberts, and Kathleen Kearns
Event Chairman Dolores Halpern, Georges Chakra, Cokie Roberts, and Merrill Halpern
Georges Chakra and Cokie Roberts
Tom Hooper and Tara Subkoff
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner
Terence and Alexandra Mack with Laura Kaplan
 Gabriel Byrne 
 Jose Augusto Tenorio and Blanca Tenorio 
 Jean Kennedy Smith and Patrick Wallace 
 Jennifer Klahn and Cathleen Asch 
 Claudia Valentino, Kevin Quinlan, and Meegan Daly 
 Elizabeth Macauley-Lewis and Julie Herzig Desnick 
 Alex Jameson and Alicia Klat 
 Kenneth Aldin and Alex Jameson 
 Linda Choong, Rachel Jacobson, and Amy Rosen 
 Lisa Sharpey and Denise Albert 
 Peter Hubbard, Andrea Rosen, and Kevin Callahan 
 Sharyn Rosenblum, Brianne Halverson, and Sarah Burningham 
 Jen Adams, Chris McConnell, and Crystal Ho 
 Alisa Rottenberg and Tara Banks 
 Susan McLean, Josh Geraonti, and Genna Martinez
 Erica Landsman and Andrea Rosen 
 Linda Maloney and Elaine Textor 
 Anne Byers and Justin Patterson 
 Christina Merrill and Katlyn Bolander 
 John and Kathryn Harlow 
 Cricket and Brian Mullaney 
 Great Bob Scott and Kevin Hearn 
 Ragan Brackett and Gary Brackett 
